 - [Instructor] Have you ever wanted to create a to-do list  
 or create reminders  
 to help you accomplish your tasks on time?  
 I know I need a tool to keep me on track.  
 Using to-do lists in Outlook is a great way to stay on top  
 of your communications and priorities.  
 After this lesson,  
 you'll be able to create your first to-do list  
 and use it to accomplish your tasks.  
 Microsoft To Do is integrated with Outlook on the web  
 and includes smart lists.  
 Smart lists are filtered lists that make it easier  
 to track tasks and organize your day.  
 With To Do integration,  
 you can quickly organize your tasks by adding them  
 to my day, marking them as important  
 or adding them to new lists that you create.  
 I'll start from the Microsoft 365 homepage  
 and then open Outlook.  
 Building a to-do list in Outlook takes a few steps.  
 The first thing to do is create tasks in my day;  
 tasks are individual items on your to-do list.  
 In this example, I'll build a task list  
 for an event that I'm organizing.  
 Start from the Outlook inbox, select the my day icon  
 in the top ribbon indicated by a calendar with a check,  
 and then select add a task.  
 Here you can enter the task.  
 I'll type order round tables, and select Add.  
 Your task is now added to the list.  
 Next, navigate to the bottom of tasks  
 and select manage all tasks.  
 Microsoft To Do opens a new window  
 for you to edit your task.  
 I'm going to select tasks and the menu to the left  
 and then the new task order round tables,  
 and a panel opens to the right.  
 Here you can add a step, add a reminder, due date,  
 repetition category, or add a file.  
 I'm going to set a reminder  
 for later today and add a due date for tomorrow.  
 When you finished,  
 navigate to your inbox by selecting the envelope icon  
 at the bottom left of the screen.  
 To see your task and to-do list,  
 select the my day icon on the top ribbon.  
 And it will appear in the task list  
 with the reminder and the due date set.  
 You can also convert an email into a task.  
 You can do this by having my day open,  
 then selecting the email,  
 and dragging it to the tasks.  
 You can right click on the task  
 to add the appropriate details.  
 Now, that you've made the task,  
 when you're finished select the X  
 and the task list will close.  
 By using to-do lists and reminders,  
 you can stay up to date with communications  
 and action items assigned  
 to certain tasks and conversations.  
 Using the skill will help you prioritize your work  
 and manage time.  
 Try it out  
 by creating a task that you need to complete this week.  
 

