 - [Instructor] In the workplace, a disorganized presentation  
 with unclear messaging can cause confusion.  
 Creating presentations that are easily understood  
 by your stakeholders is imperative  
 to communicate your message.  
 In this lesson,  
 I'll show you how to build a presentation in PowerPoint  
 and use formatting tools and design elements  
 to help make your key data points clear.  
 First, open PowerPoint.  
 Download the sample presentation  
 in your exercise files to follow along.  
 It's called Customer Event Example Draft.  
 In this example,  
 I'm building a presentation for a customer event.  
 The first thing I want to do  
 is select a theme for my presentation,  
 so I'll select Design at the top ribbon.  
 Here, I'm given options for various themes.  
 I can open the dropdown menu to see more options.  
 I'm going to select this one called Office Theme  
 and you can see that the theme applies  
 to all the slides in my presentation.  
 If I hover to the right of a theme options,  
 I see different variants offered for the current theme.  
 Selecting the dropdown menu allows you to see more options.  
 I'll select variant four.  
 In Design, you can also insert a background image.  
 I'll select the background dropdown menu  
 where I can see the options for solid fill or picture.  
 I'll select solid fill and choose a color.  
 I can also apply the current slide background  
 to all slides at once.  
 I want all my slides to have the same look,  
 so I'm going to select Apply To All.  
 I can also use the Designer indicated by the paint brush.  
 The Designer suggests professional designs  
 and eye catching visuals  
 to support the presentation content.  
 I can use this by adding new texts  
 or pictures to a new slide  
 and review layouts suggested by Designer.  
 Now that all my slides have the same format,  
 I'm going to organize them into sections.  
 To add sections to the presentation,  
 I'll select View from the top ribbon,  
 then select Slides Order.  
 Next, I'll select the first slide  
 in the new section that I want to create.  
 I'll right-click it and in the dropdown menu,  
 choose Add Section.  
 I'll give this section a name, Introduction,  
 and press Enter.  
 If I want to rename or remove a section,  
 I'll right-click the section name  
 and choose Rename or Remove from the dropdown menu.  
 I can also drag slides  
 to rearrange the order of the presentation.  
 Once done, I can return to the original view  
 by selecting Normal in the menu below the top ribbon.  
 Slide numbers can help keep  
 the presentation order organized.  
 To add slide numbers to your presentation,  
 go to the top ribbon and select Insert, then Footer.  
 In the dropdown menu, select the slide number.  
 A menu will appear on the right side of the screen.  
 Here I can choose if the title slide should  
 or shouldn't have a slide number.  
 I'll select don't show on the title slide,  
 then select Apply All and close the menu.  
 Check out the new slide numbers  
 in the bottom right corner of each slide  
 after the title slide.  
 Formatting PowerPoint presentations  
 will keep your PowerPoint organized and easy to understand.  
 Give it a try and see how these tools  
 can help your presentation shine.  
 

