 - [Educator] Referring to specific resources in a document  
 can take up a lot of space.  
 With footnotes, you can keep your references organized  
 and easy to read.  
 In this lesson,  
 I'm going to show you how to reference your content in Word  
 with footnotes and adding a table of contents.  
 Footnotes are used to explain, comment on,  
 or provide references to something in a document.  
 A table of contents helps you to locate specific information  
 in a document.  
 To get started,  
 I'll open Word from the Microsoft 365 homepage.  
 You can follow along with the sample Word document  
 in your exercise files,  
 it's called Customer Event Product Document.  
 In this example, I'll be editing a product document  
 from a customer event I'm organizing.  
 First, I'll add footnotes.  
 Footnotes are citations that appear at the footer  
 or the bottom of the page.  
 Once a footnote has been added,  
 you'll have a small superscript number after the cited text  
 and the full citation on the page's footer.  
 To insert a footnote,  
 I'll place my cursor  
 to the right of the text I want to cite.  
 From here, I'll navigate to the top ribbon,  
 select References, and then Insert Footnote.  
 At this point, a window appears where I can specify  
 the details of the original work I'm citing.  
 I'll enter St. Clair Housen "To Be A Mogul"  
 Chapter 3, Page 46, Line 22.  
 This is the first footnote I'm adding to the document.  
 So the number one is in the box.  
 Press the Escape button on your keyboard,  
 or select the body of the document  
 to save and close the footnote.  
 When I'm in editing view,  
 I can't see the citation at the bottom of the page,  
 but the footnote will be there.  
 If I select the number, I can edit the footnote details.  
 To see how the footnote appears in your document,  
 I need to be in reading view.  
 Navigate to the top ribbon, select View,  
 then select Reading View.  
 Now, when I scroll through the document,  
 I can see that the footnotes are at the bottom of the page.  
 Now, I'll select the Edit Document tab in the top ribbon  
 and then choose Edit.  
 Word will send you back to editing view  
 where you can continue editing.  
 If a footnote is not the citation method you want to use,  
 consider an end note,  
 which adds the footer text to the end of the document  
 instead of the bottom of the page.  
 Navigate to the top ribbon, select References,  
 and then Insert End Note.  
 Another way to keep your document organized  
 is to add a table of contents.  
 Before you create a table of contents,  
 you need to select your texts and apply a heading.  
 Word uses the headings in your document  
 to build an automatic table of contents  
 that can be updated when you change the heading text,  
 sequence, or level.  
 Highlight the text you wish to apply a heading to,  
 then navigate to the Home tab,  
 and in the style galleries, select the heading choice  
 and the text automatically takes that heading form.  
 If you have subheadings,  
 select different texts that you would like to have  
 under the first heading and apply a different style to it.  
 Now you're ready to create and add your table of contents.  
 Now place your cursor  
 where you want to insert the table of contents.  
 I usually place it near the beginning of the document  
 or after a title page.  
 On the top ribbon, select References.  
 Next, select Table of Contents.  
 In the dropdown menu, choose Insert Table of Contents.  
 If you make changes to your document  
 that affect the table of contents,  
 you can update it by selecting the table  
 and selecting the update box that appears  
 to the left of the table of contents.  
 Adding references as footnotes  
 and creating a table of contents  
 is a great way of elevating your documents.  
 Try adding these reference forms to your next document.  
 

