 - [Instructor] Adding data to your documents can make  
 or break its usefulness.  
 It can make your content more compelling  
 or just confuse your audience  
 if it's not displayed accurately.  
 Word makes sharing data in an organized manner an easy task.  
 In this lesson, I'm going to show you how to create  
 and edit tables to ensure every team member  
 can easily review the data you present.  
 To get started, I'll open my Word document  
 from the Microsoft 365 homepage.  
 Follow along by downloading the sample Word document  
 in your Exercise Files.  
 It's called Customer Event Itinerary Example B.  
 In this example, I'll show you how to insert a table  
 for organizing an event schedule into a Word document.  
 Tables are useful to present  
 and organize detailed information, such as cost figures,  
 a guest list of names, or inventory.  
 To insert a basic table, start by placing your cursor  
 where you want the table to be in your document.  
 I'll start at the top of the document  
 underneath Itinerary for day of event details.  
 Next, select Insert from the top ribbon, then select Table.  
 And move the cursor over the grid until the number of cells  
 in the rows and columns you need is highlighted.  
 Selected, and the table will appear in your document.  
 Now, you can type directly into it.  
 To adjust it and apply formatting, hover over your table  
 and select the four way directional arrows  
 in the top left corner.  
 You can choose to change the font  
 of all the texts in the table, apply any styles,  
 incorporate cell shading,  
 and add or remove columns or rows.  
 More editing and formatting options  
 can be found by navigating to the top ribbon  
 and selecting Table.  
 To highlight and organize your data, select Table Styles.  
 You can also split cells, add borders,  
 or even change the colors of the cells and table itself.  
 This looks pretty good, but before I share this table,  
 I want to make sure that it is inclusive  
 and can be read out loud to people who use a screen reader  
 or have different abilities.  
 To check the accessibility of the table,  
 first, I'll navigate all the way through the table  
 using only the Tab key.  
 If you can tap through the table  
 cell by cell and row by row,  
 a screen reader should have no trouble with it.  
 You can also use the Accessibility Checker  
 to get suggestions  
 on how to make your document more accessible.  
 Navigate to the top ribbon and select Review.  
 Then select Check Accessibility.  
 Word will open the Accessibility Checker on the right side  
 of the screen with a list of errors and warnings,  
 as well as a list of tips on how to fix each issue.  
 When you choose an item from the inspection results,  
 Word displays that part of the document.  
 Below the inspection results, Word explains why  
 and how to fix the issue you've selected.  
 After you make all the necessary changes,  
 your document will be more accessible to everyone.  
 I encourage you to add a table and check for accessibility  
 in the next document you create.  
 Your data will appear more organized  
 and easier to understand.  
 Way to go!  

