 - [Instructor] Depending on the audience  
 and your familiarity with the content,  
 creating a presentation can be a nerve-wracking experience.  
 Is this the right info?  
 Is that the right format to use?  
 Thankfully PowerPoint can take away some of these questions  
 and make presentation creation a breeze.  
 In this lesson, I'm going to share some best practices  
 so that you can become a better presenter  
 and deliver a clear message in every presentation you give.  
 To start I'm going to open a PowerPoint presentation.  
 You can follow along  
 with the sample presentation in your exercise files.  
 It's called customer event example A.  
 First consider what style and font to use.  
 You want to make sure  
 that your audience will be able to read from a distance.  
 I recommend using a font style that is not too decorative  
 in a size between 20 and 24 point.  
 To adjust the font and style size, I'll navigate  
 to the top ribbon and make sure home is selected.  
 From here I'll highlight the text in the slide  
 and select the font  
 and size from the dropdown menu in the home tab.  
 Next use bullet points  
 and short sentences to share your information.  
 A minimal amount of text on your slide is the way to go  
 to keep your audience engaged.  
 I recommend that each idea should fit on one line.  
 To emphasize points and help tell a story, use pictures,  
 graphics, charts, and graphs.  
 Be sure to add labels to help your audience  
 identify the purpose of the visual elements.  
 It's also important to keep backgrounds subtle and uniform.  
 Keeping your background colors subtle will help  
 your audience focus on the points in the presentation.  
 To edit your background  
 navigate to the design tab and select background.  
 A solid fill is usually the least distracting.  
 Next, use themes to set a high contrast  
 between the background color and the text color.  
 To change your theme  
 open your existing PowerPoint presentation,  
 navigate to design in the top ribbon,  
 and select a theme from the dropdown menu.  
 I also recommend  
 that you use the accessibility checker.  
 Navigate to the top ribbon, select review,  
 and then check accessibility.  
 PowerPoint will give you tips to address any errors  
 that might make it hard for anyone to view.  
 Next, use the presenter coach  
 to practice your presentation delivery.  
 To access the presenter coach  
 go to the slideshow tab in the top ribbon  
 and select rehearse with coach.  
 When your presentation appears,  
 you can practice your delivery by selecting start rehearsal.  
 After you finish the rehearsal report will give you  
 information like your pace, pronunciation, pitch,  
 and time spent to support you as you work  
 to perfect your presentation skills and style.  
 Next, use your notes.  
 Don't just read the text on the slides word for word.  
 Practice what you'll say about the key points  
 so you don't get confused or miss any relevant information  
 while you're presenting.  
 To add notes to your presentation  
 navigate to the view tab in the top ribbon and select notes.  
 Now go forth and practice your presentation.  
 

