 - [Instructor] There's lots of factors  
 to consider when hosting a large meeting.  
 How many people will attend,  
 what tools guests need to have access to.  
 How will the presenters deliver the information?  
 Teams makes facilitating large meetings easy.  
 In this lesson,  
 I'll show you how to set settings for your large meetings.  
 I'll start in Teams on the desktop.  
 Please note that certain organizer features  
 are only available in the desktop version.  
 As the meeting organizer,  
 it's important to check your meeting options  
 before your meeting starts.  
 First, go to your Teams calendar  
 and select the upcoming meeting  
 that you're the organizer for.  
 Next to the time zone dropdown menu, select Meeting Options.  
 Here, you can set lobby, present, mike,  
 camera, chat, and reaction settings.  
 First, you'll want to set your lobby settings by navigating  
 to who can bypass the lobby.  
 The lobby is a waiting area for meeting attendees  
 before a meeting starts.  
 In the dropdown menu,  
 you can select who will wait in the lobby  
 or allow meeting attendees to bypass the lobby.  
 I'm going to select people in my organization and guests.  
 Next, you'll want to identify who can present  
 in the meeting.  
 On the right, you can select presenters  
 by selecting who can present  
 and select from everyone,  
 people in my organization and guests,  
 specific people, or only me.  
 I'm going to select Everyone.  
 When you select the attendees  
 who will be presenting at the meeting,  
 keep in mind that presenters can promote other attendees  
 to the presenter role during the meeting.  
 Now, not every a attend needs to interact  
 and speak in large meetings.  
 In those situations, you can disallow mikes  
 for the large group.  
 In the meeting options,  
 switch the Allow Mike For Attendees toggle to No.  
 If someone needs to interact during the meeting,  
 you can change their role later.  
 In a large meeting,  
 not every a attend needs to have their camera on either.  
 In the meeting options,  
 switch the Allow Camera For Attendees toggle to No.  
 At appropriate times during the meeting,  
 video can be permitted for an individual attendee  
 or all attendees.  
 When you're done making changes  
 to all of these meeting settings,  
 select Save and close the window.  
 Now I want to show you how to change settings  
 during the meeting.  
 To start, I'll join the meeting.  
 If you've started a meeting  
 and you're waiting for attendees to arrive,  
 you can select Show Participants indicated by a people icon,  
 select their name and select Request To Join.  
 They'll receive a notification similar  
 to a regular Teams call asking them to join the meeting.  
 You can also enter a person's name  
 or phone number in the search box to add someone  
 to the meeting who was not previously invited.  
 Once the meeting has started,  
 you can choose up to seven people's video feeds  
 to spotlight for everyone else.  
 Spotlighting a video  
 is like pinning it for everyone in the meeting.  
 You can spotlight a video by identifying  
 the person in the list  
 whose video you want to highlight,  
 right-click on their name,  
 and select Spotlight For Everyone.  
 When you're ready to end the spotlight,  
 right click again, and choose Stop Spotlighting.  
 To spotlight your own video, right click on your name  
 and select Spotlight For Everyone.  
 Because after all, you too are a star.  
 Preparing for a large meeting  
 by setting your meeting settings ahead of time  
 will ensure that you have all the functionality needed  
 to have an efficient meeting  
 and that you can make adjustments easily  
 once the meeting has started.  
 Try adjusting your settings before and during a meeting.  
 

