 - [Instructor] Between new conversations, documents,  
 and messages, if you leave your inbox unorganized,  
 all the emails you receive can be difficult to sort through.  
 In this lesson I'm going to show you a few best practices  
 for organizing your email inbox in Outlook  
 so you can keep track  
 of the flow of information as it comes in.  
 One of the best ways to keep emails top of mind  
 is to add flags.  
 Flags are an easy way to label the importance of an email  
 that you aren't going to take immediate action on.  
 In this example, I'll flag the emails that are related  
 to the event that I'm managing.  
 So first I'm going to start  
 from the Microsoft 365 homepage and open Outlook.  
 Here I'm in my inbox.  
 There are new unread messages  
 as well as messages that I've already read.  
 To set a flag,  
 hover your cursor over the email message,  
 then select the flag icon in the top right corner  
 of the message.  
 The flag changes to red.  
 And when the email message is opened,  
 a followup message appears in the header of the email.  
 To remove the flag, select the flag icon.  
 The follow up flag changes to a check mark.  
 When the email is open,  
 in the top header it states the date the flag was complete.  
 Another way to keep emails organized  
 is to use color categories.  
 Color categories allow you to identify  
 and group associated items in Outlook  
 so you can quickly track and organize them.  
 Before using a color category you first need to create one.  
 Select the email you wish to add to a category,  
 navigate to the ribbon,  
 identify the categorize icon, select the dropdown menu,  
 and then new category.  
 Add a name for the category and select a color,  
 I'll name mine customer event.  
 Then select save.  
 This color category is now ready to use.  
 Next I'll right click a message from the message list,  
 select categorize, and select the category I just created  
 from the list.  
 You can even assign a color category from the reading pane  
 or an open message.  
 The next inbox organizing tool I recommend using  
 is auto reply.  
 Auto reply allows you to respond to emails  
 when you're out of office or unavailable.  
 To set up auto reply select the settings icon,  
 then view all Outlook settings.  
 And then automatic replies.  
 Turn on the automatic replies toggle  
 and then you can type your message in the message box.  
 Type in your out of office message.  
 I like to use something like, thank you for your email.  
 I am out of the office.  
 I will respond when I return.  
 If you don't want your out of office message  
 sent all the time, select send replies during a time period.  
 Then choose the dates and times  
 you'd like to set your automatic reply for.  
 You can also select  
 if you want Outlook to block your calendar  
 for that time period, decline new invites,  
 or cancel any meetings you might have during this period.  
 You can format the text using the toolbar  
 or cut and paste text you've already formatted,  
 including hyperlinked text.  
 When you're finished  
 Now Outlook is programmed to send the automated reply  
 as a response to messages during your selected times.  
 Sorting and organizing your email are key skills  
 for keeping important communications and information  
 easy to find.  
 An organized inbox will keep you focused  
 and allow you to spend your time on more important tasks.  
 Try using these tools to bring order  
 to your inbox this week and see how much time you can save.  
 

