 - [Instructor] Sometimes the best way to share information  
 in a presentation is through data.  
 In this lesson, I'll show you how to add Excel charts,  
 create and format tables,  
 and add flow charts to your presentations.  
 First, I'll show you how to add an Excel chart  
 to a PowerPoint presentation.  
 A chart is a tool that you can use  
 to communicate data graphically.  
 To start, I'll open Excel.  
 Follow along by downloading  
 the sample worksheet exercise file.  
 It's called Example PowerPoint Data.  
 So here in my Excel worksheet,  
 I have a nicely formatted chart.  
 I want to use it as is in my presentation,  
 so I'll take the chart and insert it into my presentation.  
 I'll right click this chart and select copy.  
 Next, I'll open the presentation in PowerPoint.  
 Follow along by downloading  
 the sample PowerPoint exercise file.  
 It's called Customer Event Example (A).  
 I will then right click the slide where  
 I want to display the chart and select paste.  
 I can then resize the chart to fit appropriately  
 in the slide.  
 You can also do this with a table you formatted in Excel.  
 Now you might not always have data in Excel ready to go.  
 So next I want to show you how to add and format a table  
 right in PowerPoint.  
 A table is used to manage  
 and analyze a group of related data.  
 To start, I'll select the slide where I want to add a table.  
 I'll go to the top ribbon and select insert.  
 Then table.  
 In the dropdown grid,  
 I'll use the cursor to select the number  
 of rows and columns that I need.  
 And an empty table is added to the slide.  
 From here I can add text to the table  
 by selecting a cell and typing directly in it.  
 I can also change the formatting  
 of the table by right clicking on it  
 and choosing from the editing options in the menu.  
 If a table doesn't illustrate your data,  
 perhaps a flow chart is a better visual to include  
 in your presentation.  
 A flow chart is a diagram that shows a process or workflow.  
 To start, I'll add a blank slide.  
 From here I'll go to the insert tab in the top ribbon,  
 then select smart art.  
 From the dropdown menu  
 in the process section, I'll select a process flow chart.  
 I like this one, basic chevron process.  
 After the flow chart is added to the slide,  
 a text editor box appears to the left of the chart.  
 I'll type the text for my chart in the text editor box  
 and watch the text appear in the chart graphic.  
 No matter what type of chart or table you add,  
 displaying your data in an easy to read way makes  
 for a compelling and consistent presentation.  
 How about adding a table or chart  
 to your next presentation to share your data?  
 I'm sure you'll get a positive response.  
 

