 - [Educator] The meeting was scheduled,  
 the attendees have arrived,  
 and now it's time to present.  
 In this lesson,  
 I'll show you how to present in Teams  
 directly from PowerPoint by sharing your screen or windows  
 and by requesting and taking control from another presenter.  
 In this example,  
 I want to share a presentation  
 on the progress my team is making on a key customer event.  
 First, I'll join a Teams meeting  
 to show you how to present  
 using the Present in Teams feature.  
 From here, I'll open my presentation in PowerPoint.  
 Select Present in the top right corner of PowerPoint.  
 And in the dropdown menu, select Present in Teams.  
 Your presentation will appear in Microsoft Teams  
 for you and all your attendees.  
 When you're done presenting,  
 select Stop Presenting at the top of the Teams' screen.  
 Next, I'll show you how to share your screen  
 in a Teams meeting.  
 In my Teams meeting, I'll select the Share Content icon  
 at the top right of the screen  
 and then choose what I want to share.  
 Screen lets you show everything on your screen.  
 PowerPoint Live lets you share  
 recently opened PowerPoint presentations.  
 Window lets you share an open window,  
 like a specific app or document that you have open.  
 I'll share a window and select my open Excel document.  
 After you select what you want to share,  
 a red border surrounds what you are sharing.  
 To stop sharing, select the stop sharing icon  
 indicated by an X in the minimized Teams video  
 in the lower right corner of your screen  
 or at the top of the screen where it says Stop Presenting.  
 Sometimes during a meeting  
 you'll need another participant to share,  
 Teams lets you give control to other participants.  
 When you give control to another participant,  
 you will both be in control of sharing,  
 but you can take back control anytime.  
 I'll share my Excel document again.  
 To let someone else control  
 while you're sharing your screen,  
 go to the sharing toolbar at the top,  
 and select Give Control.  
 Select the name of the attendee you want to give control to.  
 And Teams sends a notification to that participant  
 to let them know you're sharing control.  
 Note, only users logged into Teams  
 will be able to both request and give control.  
 While you're sharing control,  
 they can make selections, edits, and other modifications  
 to the shared screen.  
 To take back control, select Cancel Control at the top.  
 If a participant wants to take control  
 while another person is sharing,  
 they'll select Request Control at the top of the window.  
 The person sharing can then approve or deny your request.  
 While they have control,  
 they can make selections, edits,  
 and other modifications to the shared screen.  
 When you're done, select Cancel Control  
 to stop sharing control.  
 That's teamwork making the dream work.  
 Using Presenter mode can help you become a more engaging  
 and integral part of your presentation  
 instead of sharing screen or window content only.  
 In the upper right corner of Teams,  
 select Share Content to see Presenter modes  
 and other options.  
 Under Presenter mode, choose the mode that you want.  
 Stand out,  
 where your live image is in front of the presentation,  
 side by side, where your live image is framed  
 next to the presentation,  
 or reporter, where your live image is over a background  
 and the shared content is over your shoulder.  
 In Reporter mode,  
 your image appears bigger than the shared content.  
 If you're ready to start your presentation,  
 make sure your camera is on,  
 select the presentation mode,  
 and choose a screen or window on your device when prompted.  
 There are lots of options  
 for you to deliver engaging content  
 in your presentations and meetings with Teams,  
 try using some of these features in your next large meeting.  
 

