 - [Instructor] Whether you're working on a project  
 or communicating with a new team,  
 information and contacts can quickly become disorganized  
 if you don't manage them.  
 The good news is there is an easy way  
 to automate your organization,  
 keeping all related information together.  
 In this lesson, I'm going to share techniques  
 so that you can optimize and maintain your Outlook inbox  
 more effectively.  
 First, I want to show you how to create folders.  
 Folders bring structure to your inbox  
 and allow relevant information to be stored together.  
 You can use folders to organize  
 your emails, calendars, tasks, and reorganize messages.  
 So first I'll start on the Microsoft 365 homepage.  
 I'm going to open my Outlook.  
 Here I am in my inbox.  
 In this example, I'm going to adjust my Outlook inbox  
 by using folders to keep information  
 about an upcoming event organized.  
 To create a folder in Outlook  
 on the left side, under the Folders drop-down,  
 select New folder.  
 Enter a name for the new folder  
 that makes sense for what you'll be using it for.  
 I'll call this folder Upcoming Event.  
 So now I've created an easily accessible place  
 where I can organize any messages related to this event.  
 To move messages to a folder,  
 select and drag the emails into the folder.  
 To move more than one email,  
 select the circle on the top left corner of the email.  
 When you make these selections,  
 an option menu on the right appears.  
 Select the Move drop-down menu,  
 and select the folder that you want to move the emails to.  
 Talk about efficiency.  
 Next, I want to show you how to use contact lists  
 to keep you organized.  
 A contact list is a collection of email addresses  
 you can use to send emails to a group of people.  
 To create a contact list,  
 I'll navigate to the People page,  
 using the toolbar on the left side.  
 Then select your contact lists under the Contacts drop-down.  
 Next, select the plus next to Create a contact list.  
 Contact lists are created in the default contacts folder,  
 and under All Contact lists.  
 If you want to save the contact list in a different folder,  
 select the folder before you select New contact list.  
 Enter name for the list.  
 I'll call this one, Customer Event Attendees.  
 And then add your contacts, information,  
 names, email addresses,  
 and any other important information.  
 One row at a time pressing Enter after each entry.  
 Then I'll select Create.  
 To adjust which people are included in your contact list,  
 navigate to the People page and select contact lists.  
 To adjust which people are included in your contact list,  
 select Edit.  
 From here you can either enter more names  
 or email addresses to add people  
 or remove people by selecting the X,  
 next to their name or email address.  
 Once you've made your edits, select Save.  
 Now that a contact list is created,  
 you can send emails to the full group  
 without having to type each name individually.  
 Creating folders helps you organize your inbox,  
 but you can keep your inbox even more organized  
 by setting up rules.  
 Rules allow you to move  
 and respond to email messages automatically.  
 For example,  
 if I wanted to move a message from one of my colleagues  
 into the Upcoming Events folder,  
 I can just right-click on one of those messages,  
 select Advanced actions, then Create rule.  
 I'll select More options and a condition.  
 In this case for all messages from Lynne Robbins,  
 I will select the drop-down for Select an action,  
 and choose Move to.  
 In the Select a folder drop-down,  
 select the folder I created for my event.  
 To use the rule right away, select the Run rule now box.  
 Then select Save.  
 The message from my colleague now appears in that folder.  
 By using these tools and putting rules in place,  
 you can organize  
 all your messages and contacts in your inbox  
 quickly and efficiently.  
 Try setting up some rules and lists,  
 and see how well you can streamline your email workflow.  
 

