 - [Instructor] Having the skills to create great documents  
 puts you on the path to great results.  
 Adding structure and media to your documents  
 can help bring clarity to your work  
 and make it more organized.  
 In this lesson, I'm going to show you  
 how to incorporate formatting techniques  
 into your documents  
 so they are easy to navigate and understand.  
 I'll start from the Microsoft 365 homepage.  
 In this example, I'm going to enhance and invent itinerary  
 with some photos and formatting.  
 Follow along by downloading the sample word document  
 in your exercise files.  
 It's called Customer Event Itinerary Example (A).  
 To add a picture to a document,  
 I'll place my cursor where I want the image.  
 Navigate to the top ribbon in word and select insert,  
 then picture.  
 Then I'll need to choose the source of the image  
 from these options.  
 This device, one drive, stock images, and bing pictures.  
 I need to find a picture.  
 So I'm going to select stock images.  
 When the stock images window appears, use the search bar  
 to find the kind of picture you are looking for.  
 I'll type travel.  
 Once I find the photo, I'll select insert.  
 And it's added into the document where the cursor is placed.  
 To resize the photo, select it,  
 and navigate to the top ribbon under picture  
 for formatting options.  
 There are lots of editing options, photo size modifications,  
 border additions, photo enhancements,  
 and how text appears relative to the photo.  
 I can also resize the photo manually  
 by dragging the white dots on the sides  
 and corners of the photo.  
 Adding titles at the header or footer of your document  
 can be helpful with keeping related topics organized  
 and give your document a clear, easy to follow format.  
 The header is located in the top margin of your document,  
 and the footer is in the bottom margin.  
 To add titles to the header or footer of your document,  
 select insert on the top ribbon in Word,  
 then select header and footer.  
 From here, you can place the cursor  
 in the header or footer of the page  
 which is distinguished by shading out the body text  
 and you're ready to type directly into each.  
 I'm going to add my name to the header  
 and format it to appear on every page  
 by selecting same across entire document  
 under the options dropdown menu on the right.  
 So after you add your text,  
 you can choose how you want it formatted.  
 I'll make my name bold by highlighting the text  
 and selecting bold in the menu that appears above my cursor.  
 Next I'll select the shaded text  
 to return to the body of the document.  
 Now all the pages of my document have the same header.  
 To see this, go to view in the top ribbon  
 and select reading view.  
 To exit out of reading view,  
 navigate to the top ribbon and select edit document,  
 then edit in the dropdown menu.  
 I can also add page numbers to headers and footers.  
 I'll navigate to the top ribbon and select insert,  
 and then select page numbers.  
 This dropdown menu provides options for placement  
 of the page numbers.  
 I'll select add page number to the center of the footer  
 and Word adds the appropriate page numbers to each page.  
 To see this, go to view in the top ribbon  
 and select reading view.  
 To exit out of reading view,  
 navigate to the top ribbon and select edit document.  
 Then edit in the dropdown menu.  
 And when I no longer need page numbers,  
 I'll navigate to the top ribbon, select insert,  
 page numbers,  
 then select remove page numbers under the options.  
 Next, a page break creates separation within a document  
 and can be used to introduce a new idea  
 or start new chapters or pages.  
 To add a page break, place your cursor  
 where you want one page to begin and the other to end.  
 Next, navigate to insert and then select page break  
 for the page break to appear.  
 When printing the document,  
 the break doesn't visually appear.  
 To remove the page break,  
 double click the break you want to remove  
 and then press delete on your keyboard.  
 Adding pictures and formatting can significantly enhance  
 the information shared in your document.  
 Try formatting or adding pictures  
 to liven up your next document.  
 

