 - [Instructor] Without pictures, videos and smart art  
 presentations can look pretty dull.  
 In this lesson you'll learn how to use tools in PowerPoint  
 to convey key points and make your presentations pop.  
 First open PowerPoint.  
 You can follow along with the sample presentation  
 in your exercise files.  
 It's called customer event example draft.  
 In this example, I'll be using a presentation  
 for a customer event I'm organizing.  
 To add a picture to this slide of my presentation,  
 I'll select insert from the top ribbon,  
 then pictures.  
 When I select pictures, a dropdown menu will appear.  
 I'll choose one of the options.  
 This device allows you to choose a picture  
 from your computer.  
 OneDrive allows you to choose a picture  
 from the cloud and your OneDrive.  
 Stock images are images and icons stored in PowerPoint.  
 Bing pictures allow you to import pictures  
 from the internet by searching for them.  
 I'll add a picture from online by selecting Bing pictures.  
 Now an online pictures window will appear.  
 Here you can search for and choose which picture to add.  
 There are many subcategories for you to search within.  
 In the search bar I'll type the word customer  
 and enter.  
 I can use the scroll arrows to search for the best option.  
 I'll select the picture that I want  
 and select insert at the bottom.  
 Now I can adjust the image.  
 Say I want to change the size of the image,  
 I'll right click the picture  
 and an editing options menu will appear.  
 This is where you can use the format picture tools  
 to crop, change the picture position relative  
 to the text and see other formatting options.  
 You can also change the size  
 of the picture by selecting the white points  
 at the corner to resize it.  
 Adding an online video is another option  
 to enhance your presentation.  
 To add a video from online to your presentation,  
 first select the slide where you want the video.  
 Then go to insert in the top ribbon and select online video.  
 A window will appear where you can enter the address  
 for the online video from YouTube, SlideShare,  
 Vimeo, or Stream.  
 Once you've entered the web address of your video,  
 you'll see a preview.  
 Select insert at the bottom of the window.  
 You can move the video by dragging it  
 where you want it to be.  
 If you want to change the size of the video,  
 right click the preview  
 and an editing options menu will appear.  
 You can also change the size of the video  
 by selecting the white points at the corners to resize it.  
 Another way to make your presentation pop is  
 to add smart art graphics.  
 To insert a smart art graphic,  
 select the slide where you want the smart art graphic.  
 Next select insert from the top ribbon, then smart art.  
 On the dropdown menu, select your preferred layout.  
 When the graphic is inserted on your slide,  
 a text editor box appears on the left of the graphic.  
 Each text bullet item in the editor  
 corresponds to one item in the graphic.  
 To add items, place your cursor next to the bullet  
 in the text editor box and enter your text.  
 You can add additional shape to your graphic  
 by pressing enter to add another bullet item  
 in the text editor.  
 You can delete shapes by deleting the bullet item  
 that you want to remove.  
 Now you're ready to add great visual touches to your slides.  
 Try using pictures, videos, and smart art graphics  
 to make your next presentation pop.  
 

