 - Large meetings can often be noisy  
 and even chaotic.  
 Creating a breakout room  
 within a meeting is a great way to create space  
 for focus work with smaller groups.  
 In this lesson,  
 I'll show you how to create  
 and manage breakout rooms in your Teams meetings.  
 In this example,  
 I'll create and manage breakout rooms  
 for a customer event my team is managing.  
 Please note that the breakout rooms can only be managed  
 from the Teams desktop app.  
 To get started,  
 I'll go to my Teams calendar and join a Teams meeting  
 that I have created from the meeting invitation.  
 Next I'll select the breakout rooms icon on the top menu.  
 Then I'll choose the number of rooms I want to create.  
 I can create up to 50 rooms per meeting.  
 Two is enough for this meeting.  
 From here,  
 I need to assign attendees to rooms by adding participants.  
 I can have Teams evenly assign people  
 to rooms automatically,  
 or I can assign people to rooms myself manually.  
 I'll select automatically  
 and Teams will add attendees to rooms  
 as they join the meeting.  
 Then select Create rooms.  
 The rooms are created but not open.  
 With the breakout room set up,  
 let's keep them organized  
 and well managed by appointing breakout room managers,  
 naming the breakout rooms,  
 setting a time limit for breakout room sessions  
 and closing them.  
 To appoint a breakout room manager,  
 select room settings.  
 And switch the Assign presenters to manage rooms toggle on.  
 Next select Search for presenters,  
 and choose who you want to be breakout room managers.  
 To keep your meetings on schedule,  
 you can use time limits  
 that automatically close breakout rooms  
 after the required length.  
 Turn the Set a time limit toggle on  
 and choose a session length.  
 Once you've finished,  
 select the back button next to the Settings heading  
 to save your changes.  
 If you have multiple breakout rooms at once,  
 you can keep them organized by renaming them.  
 To rename a breakout room,  
 select more options next  
 to the breakout room that you would like to rename.  
 When the dropdown menu appears, select Rename.  
 I'll name this room Group A  
 then select Rename.  
 And this second one, Group B.  
 Make sure to open the breakout rooms  
 after the attendees have been added.  
 At the end of small group time in your meeting,  
 you can close out the breakout rooms.  
 To close rooms individually,  
 select more options.  
 If you want to close all rooms  
 at the same time, select close.  
 You will know the rooms have been successfully closed  
 when their status changes to closed.  
 Breakout rooms are great for creating spaces  
 within existing meetings to give small groups time to meet  
 before rejoining the larger group.  
 See where you can add breakout rooms  
 in your upcoming meetings.  
 

