 - [Instructor] Have you ever needed more than just words  
 to capture ideas correctly?  
 Having images or videos can be helpful  
 to reference along with notes.  
 In this lesson,  
 I'll show you how to insert media  
 and tables into OneNote  
 to create an interactive notebook in OneNote.  
 So first, I'll open OneNote  
 to an existing notebook of mine, customer event.  
 To add a picture,  
 place the cursor where you want to add it.  
 Select Insert from the top ribbon, then Picture,  
 and select From Online.  
 In the search bar,  
 type the name of an image you are looking for  
 and press Enter.  
 Use the scroll bar on the right side of the window  
 and select the picture that works best for you.  
 Select Insert when finished.  
 The picture will add and appear in your notes  
 where you placed it.  
 Let's say you want to reference another file  
 in your notes.  
 To attach a copy of a file to your notebook,  
 you'll place the cursor where you want to link the file.  
 Select Insert, then File.  
 Then Insert File Attachment.  
 Select the file you want, and then select Open.  
 You can also insert videos from the internet  
 into your notes.  
 Find the video you want online,  
 copy the video URL from the address bar,  
 and then select where you want it on the page  
 and paste it.  
 You can select the link to play the video back  
 on the original website,  
 or select the Play button on the embedded video  
 and watch it right in your notes.  
 When data needs to be stored and shared in a table,  
 you can create one directly in your notebook.  
 Adding tables in your notes can also be helpful  
 in keeping groups of information together  
 and sorted appropriately.  
 To add a table to your notes, select Insert, then Table.  
 Next, select how many rows and columns you need.  
 The amount selected will be highlighted.  
 When you work in a table,  
 the table menu becomes available in the ribbon.  
 You can also right click on the table  
 to have the menu appear.  
 Select Table to further customize your table,  
 like insert or delete rows or columns.  
 Sometimes words just don't do enough.  
 Adding files, videos,  
 and tables helps to add dimension  
 and further clarification to your notes.  
 Try adding some pictures or a table to your notes  
 to help you better explain and organize information.  
 

