 - [Narrator] It can be frustrating when you're in a meeting  
 and don't have access to the information you need.  
 Microsoft Teams allows you to apply settings  
 so you can have a fluid, productive meeting every time.  
 In this lesson, I'll show you  
 how to manage a team's settings and permissions.  
 To get started, I'll open Teams  
 from the Microsoft 365 homepage.  
 Being the owner of the Customer Event team,  
 I will use this example.  
 To set general settings, select your profile picture  
 at the top of the app.  
 Select Manage account and the Settings window will appear  
 where you can change app settings,  
 notifications, or language.  
 Close the Settings window to save any changes.  
 Next let's look at the settings related to a specific team.  
 In this example, I own a team  
 related to a customer event I'm planning,  
 so I can find the team's name and select the three dots  
 for more options, then Manage team.  
 In the Settings tab,  
 I can select or clear the options or permissions  
 that I want to use.  
 To change the team name, description, or privacy settings,  
 I'll go to the team's name  
 and select the three dots for more options,  
 then Edit team.  
 I'll write a description for this team.  
 I'll write, "This is for the communication  
 about our upcoming customer event."  
 When I'm finished, I'll select Done.  
 If you're not a team owner,  
 you are either a member or a guest.  
 Members are the people in the team.  
 They talk with other team members in conversation  
 and can view, upload and change files.  
 Guests are people from outside of your organization  
 that a team owner invites,  
 such as partners or consultants  
 who will have limited access.  
 Guests have fewer capabilities  
 than team members or team owners,  
 but they can still participate in chat and create channels.  
 That's all there is to it.  
 Double check your team settings this week  
 to make sure that everyone you work with  
 has the correct access.  
 Maybe now is a good time to change your profile picture  
 to a great new selfie.  
 

