 - [Instructor] Animations and transitions  
 are key tools to make your presentations flow.  
 In this lesson, I'll show you how to apply animations  
 to different elements and set transitions  
 between slides that support, not distract the presentation.  
 First, open PowerPoint.  
 You can follow along with the sample presentation  
 in your exercise files,  
 it's called customer event example A.  
 In this example,  
 I'll be using a presentation  
 for a customer event I'm organizing.  
 To add a transition to your slide,  
 open the slide where you want a transition.  
 The transition will begin on the proceeding slide  
 and conclude on the slide you select.  
 Next, go to the transitions tab in the top ribbon  
 and find the effect that you want in the transition gallery.  
 To see more options, select the dropdown menu.  
 I'll select morph.  
 After you've chosen your transition,  
 select the options tab next to the transition gallery  
 to specify how the transition occurs.  
 I'll select objects.  
 To set how fast a transition goes,  
 enter a time in the duration box next to the options tab.  
 I'll enter one second.  
 If you want all slides in the presentation  
 to transition in the same way, select apply to all.  
 If you want to see the transition in action,  
 select the slideshow icon in the lower right corner.  
 To remove a transition,  
 select none in the transition gallery,  
 or select apply to all  
 if you want to get rid of all the transitions.  
 If you want to remove only one transition,  
 remember that a transition applies to a slide's entrance,  
 not how it exits.  
 So if you want to remove the exit effects for a slide,  
 remove the transition from the slide after.  
 Animations are another way  
 to add interest to your presentation.  
 To add an animation,  
 select the object or text on the slide  
 that you want to animate.  
 Next, go to the animations tab in the top ribbon.  
 Open the animations gallery and select the one you want.  
 On the animations tab,  
 open the effect options list  
 and select from the available options.  
 Effect options are available for text  
 or for choosing the direction or intensity of an animation.  
 Not all animations have effect options.  
 To preview the animation,  
 on the slideshow tab of the ribbon  
 select play from the beginning.  
 When in slideshow view,  
 navigate through the slides  
 to make an animation effect play.  
 To remove an animation effect,  
 select the animated object or text,  
 then in the animations tab in the top ribbon  
 open the animations gallery and select none.  
 Adding motion to your presentation  
 through animation and transitions  
 is a great skill to make your presentations pop.  
 Try adding an animation and transition  
 to your next presentation.  
 

