 - Calls are a great tool for team meetings and quick chats.  
 It's important to have the right settings  
 just in case you miss a call  
 In this lesson, I'll show you how to manage  
 your call settings on Teams.  
 To get started, I'll open Teams  
 from the Microsoft 365 homepage.  
 Next to your profile picture near the top,  
 select the three dots for more options.  
 Then select Settings.  
 Now, let's say you'll be out of the office  
 and you want to forward your incoming calls.  
 On the left menu, go to Calls  
 and under Call answering rules, choose Forward my calls  
 and Teams will forward all calls directly to your voicemail.  
 If you select Configure voicemail under Voicemail,  
 you will be able to record a greeting.  
 You can also select how you would like Teams  
 to handle calls when a caller goes to voicemail.  
 They can record a message,  
 choose to record a message  
 or be transferred to someone else,  
 end the call without playing your greeting,  
 play the greeting and end the call,  
 or just be transferred to someone else of your choosing.  
 If you select Transfer the call to someone else,  
 you will need to designate a person  
 for the call to be transferred to.  
 I'll select Isaiah.  
 When a caller calls you,  
 the call will be transferred to the designated person.  
 You can also specify the language for your greeting,  
 as well as customize a text-to-speech greeting option.  
 This option allows you to have a written greeting  
 and would replace your voicemail.  
 Should you want to create a custom  
 out of office text greeting,  
 place your cursor below where it says  
 Your custom out of office greeting  
 and write your out of office greeting.  
 I'll write I'm out of the office.  
 Feel free to send me an email.  
 Below it, you can select when your out of office  
 custom greeting will display.  
 Select OK to save your changes.  
 I encourage you to put the proper settings in place  
 to manage your calls so that you can make sure  
 all calls are answered according to your availability.  
 Give it a try.  
 

