 - [Instructor] One of the most effective uses of mail merge  
 is creating labels for mass communication.  
 It adds a nice touch of professionalism  
 when mailings are addressed easily and properly.  
 In this lesson, I'm going to show you ways to use Word  
 and Excel to create a mail merge  
 for generating your own labels.  
 Please note that the mail merge feature is only available  
 in the desktop version.  
 To get started, I'll open a blank Microsoft Word document  
 and select mailings from the top ribbon.  
 Next, select start mail merge  
 and then the step by step mail merge wizard.  
 The mail merge wizard takes you through the process  
 of creating labels step by step.  
 When the mail merge panel opens on the right side  
 of the screen, select labels then select  
 next, starting document.  
 Select label options, then look up the label vendor  
 and product number for your physical labels and select OK.  
 To view the label grid, go to the Layout tab  
 on the top ribbon and select view grid lines.  
 Then move on to the next step  
 by selecting next, select recipients.  
 Follow along by downloading the list in the exercise file,  
 it's called example contact list.  
 Select browse to find your recipient list Excel document,  
 then select Open.  
 In the next window, make sure the first row of data  
 contains column headers box is selected and select OK.  
 This lets Word know that the first row  
 does not contain mailing information for your labels.  
 Now you can check your list  
 and when you're sure everything is correct select OK.  
 Select next arrange your labels  
 when you're ready to move on.  
 Add the appropriate address information  
 by selecting address block and view how the addresses  
 will appear in the insert address block window.  
 You can preview each recipient  
 by going through the arrows at the top of the box.  
 If the data isn't going into the labels correctly,  
 try editing the match fields to make sure  
 the appropriate headings line up.  
 For example, first name needs to align  
 with the first name heading and address one  
 with the billing address and so on and so forth.  
 Once you've confirmed everything is correct, select OK,  
 and update all labels and then move on to the next step,  
 preview your labels.  
 Finally, you're ready to complete the mail merge  
 by selecting next, complete the mail merge.  
 Now you're ready to print your labels,  
 select print and select if you want to print all  
 or some of the labels and then select, OK.  
 You can select OK again if all printer information  
 is accurate and your labels will print out.  
 Setting up labels takes a few steps, but once it's complete,  
 you've set yourself up for success  
 and all your labeling needs are addressed.  
 Try creating labels or envelopes  
 for your next mailing project.  
 

