 - [Instructor] Delivering a PowerPoint presentation,  
 is an exciting experience.  
 You've put time into creating the presentation,  
 and now it's time to share it with others.  
 With speaker notes and PowerPoint,  
 you can have access to key talking points  
 and important information you're presenting,  
 no memorization needed.  
 In this lesson, I'm going to show you  
 how to add and use speaker notes  
 and share your presentation with others.  
 First, I'm going to open a PowerPoint presentation.  
 Follow along by downloading the sample presentation  
 in your exercise files,  
 it's called customer event example A.  
 To create speaker notes in the presentation,  
 I'll navigate to the top open and select the view tab.  
 Next, select the notes under the top ribbon beneath file.  
 The notes pane appears across the bottom portion  
 of the PowerPoint window.  
 With the cursor blinking and ready for me to begin typing,  
 I'll input my speaker notes.  
 If I don't need the notes to be visible,  
 I can select the notes tab again  
 and the notes pane will disappear.  
 If I'm presenting in PowerPoint online,  
 I will only be able to see notes from the notes pane.  
 You can have them visible while editing and when printing  
 but not while presenting.  
 Printed speaker notes are good resource to have for yourself  
 while presenting or if you need  
 to share the presentation with notes.  
 To print your slides with notes,  
 navigate to the top ribbon and select file.  
 Next select print.  
 Then print note pages.  
 When printing your notes, each slide will have its own page  
 with the appropriate notes underneath the slide.  
 You can also print the presentation as handouts.  
 To print handouts,  
 I'll go to the top ribbon and select file,  
 then print, then print handouts.  
 The printed page will print with three slides per page  
 and lines for personal note taking  
 to the right of each slide.  
 To share the presentation virtually,  
 I'll navigate to the top ribbon and select file, then share.  
 Next, select share with people.  
 From here I can enter the names or email addresses  
 of the people I want to share with.  
 To modify permissions,  
 select the dropdown menu next to the pencil icon.  
 I'll include a message to describe the presentation,  
 and select send.  
 Alternatively, I can select copy link  
 to create a link that I can copy to an email  
 to share the presentation.  
 Having your notes and knowing how to share your presentation  
 sets you up for a smooth delivery of your information.  
 Try sharing your slides and notes  
 the next time you have a presentation.  
 

