 - [Instructor] It can be overwhelming  
 to be the only person taking notes during a meeting.  
 By keeping your OneNote notebook in a shared location,  
 you can let people collaborate during the meeting  
 and easily share notes after the meeting ends.  
 After this lesson, you'll be able to manage your notes  
 and distribute them to the right people  
 to keep your entire team up to date.  
 So first, I'll open OneNote  
 and open my notebook entitled Customer Event A.  
 In this example,  
 I'll share my notes with others on my team working  
 on a customer event.  
 To invite others to edit my notebook,  
 navigate to the menu at the top left of the page  
 and select File, then select Share  
 then Share With People.  
 Next, I'll enter the names or emails  
 of the people I want to share the notebook with.  
 I'll share it with Joni and Isaiah.  
 Then select Send.  
 If you need to stop sharing a notebook with someone,  
 navigate back to Share With People  
 and select the person's name or icon  
 at the bottom of the Send Link window.  
 A manage access window pops up.  
 You can select Stop Sharing  
 so that they no longer have access to the notebook.  
 Click the X in the top right corner  
 of the Manage Access window to close it.  
 I can also share a notebook with a link.  
 I want anyone who receives the shared link  
 to be able to access the content,  
 so I'll navigate to the menu at the top left of the page  
 and select File, then Share, and Share With People.  
 In the link settings, select Anyone With Link,  
 then select Apply,  
 and a link to share the notebook is generated.  
 The recipients won't need a Microsoft account  
 and can access the content  
 without having to enter a passcode or sign in.  
 Keep in mind that the link can be forwarded,  
 and anyone who receives the link  
 will be able to access the notebook.  
 To restrict access  
 select the Share icon on the top right side,  
 then Manage Access.  
 When the Manage Access window appears,  
 select the three dots next to Copy.  
 You can change the sharing permissions  
 so there is an expiration date to access.  
 If you want to secure the content  
 and get a link that only works  
 for the people you invite,  
 navigate back to Share With People.  
 Select anyone with the link can edit.  
 And in Link Settings, select specific people.  
 Enter the names or emails  
 of the people you want to share with, then select Apply.  
 The recipients will then need to verify their identity  
 before they can view the content.  
 Sharing and collaborating on notes  
 is a great way to keep everyone plugged  
 into important things during and after a meeting.  
 Try collaborating with people in OneNote  
 for your next meeting.  
 

