 - [Instructor] Once your data is in a list,  
 it's time to optimize it to be organized and efficient.  
 In this lesson,  
 I'll show you how to use List functions that save time  
 and help you stay organized when managing projects.  
 I'll start from office.com.  
 Select the app launcher in the upper left corner  
 and open Lists.  
 To get started, I'll go to the checklist for wedding.  
 Let's start by adding dates to the List items.  
 To create a date column, I'll select add column  
 to the right of the last column  
 and select date and time.  
 I'll enter due date for the title  
 and this truly needs to be accomplished by  
 for the description.  
 Select save and the due date column is added.  
 I can also switch to edit and grid view  
 for another way to view data in Lists.  
 The edit grid view window is similar  
 to editing data in a spreadsheet.  
 I like using this view when I have a lot of data to enter  
 at one time.  
 To get started, I'll select edit and grid view  
 in the top left of the window.  
 From here, I can easily add multiple due dates.  
 When I select one of the due date cells,  
 Lists will display a calendar  
 so I can easily select the correct date.  
 I'll pick Friday for the first task  
 and select the following Friday  
 for the next two tasks.  
 To save my changes, on the top select exit grid view.  
 Next, let's look at creating other list views.  
 On the top ribbon, select the all items drop down  
 then choose create new view.  
 I want to create a calendar view  
 so I'll select calendar.  
 Let's name this view checklist due dates.  
 I want to create a calendar view  
 so I'll select calendar.  
 Lists automatically populates the start and end date fields.  
 I'll select create  
 and List switches to my new view.  
 Now you can view tasks by their due date  
 making it easy to see what's due when.  
 Now you know how to add dates and creative views  
 for your lists.  
 Experiment with different list views  
 to see which works best for your project.  
 

