 - [Instructor] Whether you're planning  
 or a work project, you should organize and keep track  
 of your work by breaking it down into tasks.  
 In this lesson, I'll show you how to manage tasks  
 in Planner and how to organize everyone's tasks  
 to make sure the project is successful.  
 I'll start from office.com.  
 Select the app launcher in the top left corner  
 and open Planner.  
 I'll start by opening the June wedding plan  
 that I've been working on.  
 I've added a few due dates ahead of time.  
 When you are assigned to a project,  
 the first thing you want to know is what's assigned to you.  
 The different group views are designed to help.  
 In the upper right, it says the plan is grouped by bucket.  
 This is a good view to use when you need to add new tasks.  
 In the dropdown, choose Assigned To to see what's assigned  
 to each person and the due date of each item.  
 Joni told me they need additional help to accomplish  
 their task of mailing invitations.  
 I can assign a second person to this task by selecting it,  
 selecting Assign To, and adding Isaiah.  
 Now the tasks show up in both of their lists.  
 To see your project status, you can switch to chart view  
 by selecting Charts in the top center.  
 Chart view gives a high level overview  
 of how the project is progressing.  
 This view shows the task count  
 and the progress of each task.  
 You can see the number of tasks by priority, bucket,  
 and number of tasks assigned to each member.  
 When I'm working on a big project,  
 there are times when I need to see the tasks  
 in a calendar view so I like to use schedule view.  
 Select Schedule on the top menu next to Charts.  
 Here you can see the tasks for the month,  
 along with due dates and status.  
 I'll go ahead and set the start date for a task.  
 I'll select Plan the rehearsal dinner  
 and in the start date dropdown select one week  
 before the due date.  
 Then close the dialogue.  
 Planner now shows the dates this task is being worked on.  
 I can easily move the date by dragging it  
 to the desired date.  
 Alternatively, I can drag the right edge to increase  
 and decrease the length of time for this task.  
 The schedule view is also great for adding new tasks  
 and assigning them to a due date in one step.  
 Let's say this client selected a venue  
 that did not include a caterer.  
 I'll select add task on the right, enter a name,  
 select Caterer, and add it to the four to six months bucket.  
 Select Add Task.  
 From here, I can drag this task to the date that it's due.  
 Seeing what needs to be accomplished by when  
 and by who is key when it comes to projects.  
 With all the different views available in Planner,  
 your team can view all the right information  
 at the right time.  
 

