 - [Instructor] The most efficient way to create a new list  
 with a professional look is to use templates.  
 If you can find a template that aligns with your scenario,  
 it can save you a lot of time.  
 In this lesson, I'll show you  
 how to bring your own list to life using templates.  
 I'll start from Office.com.  
 Select the app launcher in the upper left corner  
 and open Lists.  
 In this example, I'm planning an event.  
 So I want to find out if there's a template  
 that will help me create it.  
 So, I'll start by selecting new list.  
 The template section shows templates I can use.  
 Here's an event itinerary template that looks good.  
 When I select it, I'll see a preview with sample data.  
 Most of the columns look helpful  
 but I don't need all of them  
 so I'll customize it after the list has been created.  
 Select use template.  
 On the next window, enter a name.  
 I'll call mine, March Wedding Show  
 and enter description, expo center show.  
 I'll keep the calendar icon in the default color  
 and have it stored in my lists.  
 Next, I'll select create  
 to create my list from the template.  
 Now that the list is created,  
 I can customize it to fit my needs.  
 I don't need the speaker's column  
 so I can either hide or delete it.  
 If I hide the column, it will still exist in the list  
 but will not be displayed.  
 I'll hide the speaker column instead of deleting it  
 in case someone else ends up presenting with me.  
 I'll select the dropdown next to the speaker's heading,  
 then select column settings and choose hide this column.  
 The speaker's column is no longer visible.  
 I won't have session codes for my event  
 so I wanted to delete the session code column.  
 So I'll select the dropdown next to session code,  
 select column settings, and choose edit.  
 This brings up the edit column panel.  
 Now I can select delete in the bottom right corner.  
 Confirm in the window and the column is removed.  
 Reorganizing columns allows me  
 to keep related items together.  
 I prefer the description column  
 to be next to the session name.  
 So I can select description  
 and drag it to the right of session name.  
 Now I'm ready to start adding my own data.  
 I'll add some sessions by selecting new.  
 The first thing on the itinerary for this show is breakfast.  
 So, I'll enter that as a title  
 and I'll select meal for the session type.  
 And in the description field,  
 I'll enter, bring business cards.  
 Finally, select save at the top and the list item is added.  
 So there you have it.  
 Creating a list from a template helps me get started quickly  
 and they look great.  
 So go ahead, open Microsoft Lists  
 and look for a template that matches your next project.  
 

