 - [Instructor] Microsoft Planner is a great tool  
 to keep track of your work.  
 In this lesson, I'll share a few pro tips  
 to help you get the most out of Planner.  
 I'll start from Office.com  
 and in the top left corner,  
 select the app launcher and open Planner.  
 I'll start by opening the June wedding plan  
 that I've been working on.  
 My first pro tip is to add attachments  
 to help keep relevant documents with your tasks.  
 In this example, I'm assisting a client with photographers  
 and I've already created  
 the recommended photographers document.  
 Now I want to attach that document  
 to the select photographer task.  
 I'll select the task and select add attachment.  
 I have three choices - from computer,  
 from team files and a link to URL.  
 Since my document is on my computer,  
 I'll select from computer.  
 Navigate to the file, then select open.  
 Close the task dialogue  
 and now you can see the attachment on the task card.  
 You can also add checklist items to tasks.  
 Checklist items are things that need to be done  
 to complete the task  
 but are too small to justify their own task.  
 For example, let's say you want to create two checklist items  
 for the select florist task.  
 One for the wedding ceremony and one for the reception.  
 Open the select florist task.  
 Under checklist, select add an item.  
 Here I can enter two checklist items -  
 wedding arrangements and reception arrangements.  
 Then select show on card.  
 When I close the task, I can see the checklist items  
 under select florist.  
 Finally, you can copy a task  
 instead of creating a task from scratch every time.  
 In this example, I've already created the task  
 for initial budget  
 and I need to create a task for finalized budget.  
 I'll select more options on the initial budget task card  
 and choose copy task.  
 Enter a name for the new task.  
 I'll name it, finalize budget.  
 Assign it to the four to eight weeks prior bucket  
 and select copy.  
 Try out checklist, attachments and duplication  
 the next time you're setting up a plan  
 and see how much time you can save.  
 

