 - [Instructor] Microsoft Project  
 can help you get the most  
 out of your projects.  
 Here are a few tips that I like to use  
 when building detailed and comprehensive projects.  
 In this lesson, I'll use an example client wedding project  
 to show you how to change dates,  
 attach files, and add custom columns.  
 Every project has a start date,  
 but like most things in life, things change.  
 Microsoft Project lets you change the start date  
 and then the tasks will adjust accordingly.  
 I'll start from Office.com,  
 select the app launcher in the top left corner,  
 and open Project.  
 Note that using Project for the web  
 requires an active subscription to Microsoft Project.  
 I'll start by opening the client wedding project.  
 Next I'll select the Timeline view.  
 Here, the project tasks start in April,  
 but recently the client decided to push the date by a month.  
 I can adjust the schedule by changing the start date  
 by selecting more actions, Project Details,  
 and then the Calendar in the Start field.  
 Close this with the X to save.  
 If I change the start date to one month later  
 all the other tasks also shift by a month.  
 By attaching files related to your tasks  
 in Microsoft Project,  
 you can keep your project assets organized  
 and shared with your team.  
 I'll go to the Board view by selecting Board at the top  
 and select Finalize budget.  
 I have a template that I would like Lynne to use,  
 so I will add it to the task.  
 To the right of the task, in Attachments,  
 I can select Add Attachment.  
 There are three choices.  
 From computer, from teams files, and from URL.  
 Since my document is on my computer,  
 I'll select from computer.  
 Navigate to the file.  
 Then select Open.  
 When I close the task properties,  
 I can see the attachment on the task card.  
 I can upload all files relevant to this client  
 and access them from the tasks.  
 You can also add custom columns to tasks.  
 Say I want each task to be reviewed.  
 I'll start by selecting Grid in the top bar.  
 I want to add a column named Reviewed,  
 with a Yes/No dropdown,  
 so my team can specify if the task was reviewed or not.  
 I'll select Add column and select New field.  
 I'll select Yes/No for the type,  
 and name it Reviewed and select Create.  
 My custom column Reviewed has been added  
 with No as a default value.  
 Once a task has been reviewed,  
 I can select the dropdown  
 in the reviewed column and choose Yes.  
 Now, you know a few pro tips  
 that can enhance your work.  
 Try using attachments and custom columns  
 to customize your next project.  
 

