 - [Instructor] As a project manager,  
 you'll likely use one of the two common  
 project management processes,  
 Waterfall and Agile.  
 In this lesson,  
 I'll show you how to use Microsoft Project  
 to quickly create a framework for your projects.  
 First, Waterfall is a commonly used  
 project management process.  
 In Waterfall projects,  
 each phase is dependent on the completion  
 of the previous phase.  
 So when mapped out, it looks like a waterfall.  
 Another project management process is Agile.  
 In the Agile methodology,  
 a project is broken down into segments called sprints,  
 which are small cycles to complete top priority tasks  
 from a backlog of work.  
 The backlog is the full list of all tasks  
 that need to be completed for project success.  
 I'll start from office.com,  
 select the app launcher in the top left corner,  
 and open Project.  
 Note that using Project for the web  
 requires an active subscription to Microsoft Project.  
 To set up the framework for an Agile project,  
 I'll create a new project by selecting New Blank Project.  
 I'll select the project name and rename it to Wardrobe.  
 I'll set the start date to be the first day of next month,  
 then close the panel using the X in the top right.  
 Then, I'll select Board view at the top.  
 I'll select Bucket 1 and rename it to Backlog.  
 Next, I'll select Add bucket,  
 and enter Week 1 and Week 2  
 as the names for the next two buckets.  
 Now I'll enter some items in my backlog.  
 I'll select add task under Backlog,  
 and enter choose color scheme.  
 Select Add task, and continue until all tasks are added.  
 Now drag the highest priority tasks to the Week 1 bucket.  
 This will be our first sprint.  
 Everything is dependent on choosing the color scheme,  
 so that will be first.  
 Then I'll drag over a few more tasks  
 that belong in Week 1.  
 Microsoft Project can be used as a framework  
 for many project management processes.  
 As you manage more and more projects,  
 you'll soon discover which processes  
 best suit your workflow.  
 

