 - [Instructor] Once I've created a survey,  
 I can't wait to send it to my clients  
 and collaborators, so they can fill it out.  
 In this lesson, I'll show you the ways you can share  
 a survey created in Microsoft Forms.  
 In the top left corner of office.com,  
 I'll select the app launcher in open forms.  
 From here, I'll open the wedding planning  
 consulting interest form.  
 To share the survey, and gather data from your clients,  
 you'll select share in the upper right corner of the screen.  
 Let's look at send and collect responses.  
 There are four options for sharing a form,  
 a link, QR code, embed, or email.  
 This dialogue defaults to the link option.  
 So, I'll show you that option first.  
 You can use a link in an email, a chat,  
 or even on social media.  
 Before sending a link,  
 I recommend checking the shortened URL box.  
 This will generate a short web address.  
 Let's test the link before sending it to clients.  
 First, copy the shortened URL by selecting copy.  
 Then open a blank tab in your browser, then right click  
 in the address bar and select paste.  
 You're getting a look at how your client will view  
 this link in their web browser.  
 Let's keep exploring.  
 The next option is to generate a QR code.  
 When you select this option, Forms provide you  
 with a QR code image.  
 You'll download the QR code image,  
 and then, you can add it to any document.  
 The third option is to get a code to embed your survey  
 into your websites.  
 You can use the HTML code Forms provides  
 in a website or email.  
 To get the code select copy.  
 The final way you can share a survey is with an email.  
 When you select this option  
 your devices default email program  
 will open a new email draft with the form link in the body.  
 So, once your survey is out in the world,  
 I'm sure you'll be eager to see the results.  
 To see the results of my survey,  
 I'll select the responses tab to view the data.  
 In the responses view, I can open an Excel  
 to view the data in Excel.  
 An Excel file will be downloaded that contains  
 the current results of your survey,  
 which is helpful for analyzing, sharing, and reporting.  
 Being able to share your hard work  
 and get the information you're looking for is easy  
 when using Microsoft Forms.  
 You now have a variety of options to send your survey  
 to current and potential clients.  
 Give it a try.  
 

