 - [Instructor] Missing a chat or message from a customer  
 can mean missing out on important communication.  
 With Power Automate, you can respond immediately,  
 even when you're away.  
 In this lesson,  
 I'll walk you through creating an automatic email reply  
 to a Microsoft form response, using Power Automate,  
 so that you can streamline your communication  
 and avoid missed messages.  
 In this example, I've created a contact form  
 for prospective clients that are interested in learning more  
 about ABC Wedding Planning Consulting.  
 I'd like to create an automated reply  
 to let the client know I've received their request  
 for information, as soon as they fill out the contact form.  
 I'm going to build a flow in Power Automate  
 to send this automatic reply.  
 In the top left corner of office.com,  
 I'll select the app launcher  
 and open Power Automate.  
 From here, I'll select Create on the left panel  
 to make a blank flow.  
 Next, I'll choose automated cloud flow,  
 the first option in the workspace.  
 You choose this option when you want your flow  
 to begin when an action happens.  
 I am using this,  
 because my flow will run each time my form is filled out.  
 This will open a dialogue where you can name the flow  
 and choose a trigger.  
 I'm going to name this flow Auto Reply.  
 Power Automate lists the common triggers.  
 I'll select when a new response is submitted,  
 then select Create.  
 Now, Power Automate takes me to the flow builder,  
 where I can specify that I want to use  
 the ABC Wedding Planning Consulting interest form.  
 The flow will be triggered  
 each time this form is filled out.  
 You may have to sign into Microsoft Forms  
 before being able to select your form.  
 My flow will need information from the form,  
 including the client's name and email address.  
 To get the data, I'll select new step.  
 I'll search for get response,  
 and add get response details to my flow.  
 For Form ID, I, again,  
 select ABC Wedding Planning Consulting interest form.  
 I will select Response ID,  
 and then select add dynamic content.  
 This will let me pull the response ID generated  
 when a new response is submitted.  
 Now that I have the response details,  
 I can create the step to send the email.  
 I'll add a new step, and select Standard.  
 I'll be using Office 365 Outlook,  
 because I want the emails  
 to come from my work email address.  
 If I used Mail, emails would be sent from my personal email.  
 I will use send an email V2,  
 and then start composing the automatic email response.  
 In the to field, I will select ad dynamic content,  
 and use the email address the client provided.  
 For subject, I'll enter Wedding Planning Interest.  
 In the body, I will add the submitter's first name  
 to make it feel more personal.  
 I will add dynamic content and select First Name.  
 I'll enter my message.  
 Hello, First Name, thank you for contacting us.  
 We look forward to making your wedding day special.  
 One of our associates will be following up with you shortly.  
 After creating a flow, I'll select Save  
 in the upper right, and test my flow.  
 I always check my flow for errors first,  
 by selecting flow checker.  
 I have no errors or warnings,  
 and can test by selecting Test Flow,  
 and manually triggering it.  
 Isaiah has the form open, and will submit a response.  
 When the form is submitted,  
 this flow I created will run automatically.  
 I now see that my flow has run successfully.  
 The flow automatically sent a response to Isaiah.  
 Staying on top of communications is pivotal.  
 Consider where you can create a flow  
 that will immediately respond to your potential customers.  
 Power Automate allows you to quickly create processes  
 that boost your business's communication strategy.  
 

