 - [Instructor] Creating custom forms  
 like surveys and quizzes is an efficient and organized way  
 to get the information you need from internal team members  
 and external collaborators.  
 In this lesson, I'll show you  
 how to collect information from your audience  
 by building a Microsoft Form using different question types.  
 In this example, I'm going to create a contact form  
 to drive new clients and vendors  
 to a wedding planning company.  
 In the top left corner of office.com,  
 I'll select the app launcher and open forms.  
 I'll select new form.  
 I'll start by adding a name and description.  
 I'll set the form title to  
 Wedding Planning Consulting Interest.  
 I want my client to feel welcome,  
 so I'll write a friendly description.  
 Thank you for your interest in Wedding Planning Consulting.  
 Please fill out the contact form  
 so we can make your wedding a memorable day.  
 It's important to preview your form  
 to make sure it appears as intended.  
 The preview button on the top right  
 allows me to see what the form looks like.  
 Here you'll see that the form title and description  
 match what I typed in.  
 Below the description,  
 you'll notice this disclosure statement.  
 Hi, Demo.  
 When you submit this form,  
 the owner will see your name and email address.  
 By default, a form is created to collect information  
 from people in your organization.  
 To change the setting,  
 select the back button in the top left corner of the page  
 to go back to the form design window.  
 Select more form settings in the upper right corner  
 and select settings.  
 I'll switch who can fill out this form  
 to anyone can respond so that clients can access the form.  
 Now I'll go back to preview and the message is removed.  
 Now that the form looks good,  
 I'll select back to continue creating my contact form.  
 Next, I'm going to add questions to the contact form  
 that will capture relevant information  
 about the future client  
 and the type of services they may be looking for.  
 A good place to start  
 is to ask for their contact information.  
 To add a new question, I'll select add new.  
 Here, I'm presented with four different question types.  
 Choice, text, rating, and date.  
 Choice is answering a multiple choice question.  
 Text is a fill in the blank question.  
 Rating is giving an opinion on a scale.  
 And date is when you specify a date from a calendar.  
 For contact information,  
 I'm going to create three text questions.  
 I'll select text and enter email address.  
 I'll do this again for first name and last name.  
 The next piece of information that would be helpful  
 is when the clients want to get married.  
 This type of data can be captured  
 with the choice question type.  
 I'll select add new, choice, and enter the text  
 when do you plan to get married?  
 In the options field, I'll enter these options.  
 Less than six months, six to 12 months,  
 more than one year, and I don't know.  
 As a wedding planner, I would also like to know  
 if the clients have already picked a wedding date.  
 You can have them enter it using the date question type.  
 I'll select add new, date, and enter  
 if you've already picked a date, enter it here  
 as the question.  
 And lastly, let's find out how comfortable the clients are  
 at planning things on a scale.  
 So, I'll select add new, rating, with the text  
 how comfortable are you planning events?  
 Five being the most comfortable.  
 I will then select the symbol dropdown and choose number.  
 In a matter of minutes, my interest form is taking shape.  
 Microsoft Forms gives you the power  
 to intentionally gather information  
 from clients and coworkers alike.  
 Take some time and explore the other options  
 in the input fields and consider how you can use them  
 to get the details you need.  
 You've got this!  
 

