 - [Instructor] Adding visuals to your reports  
 will make your presentations  
 more engaging and more memorable.  
 In this lesson, I'll walk you through a few ways  
 that Power BI lets you build reports.  
 In this example,  
 I'll build multiple charts using sample data  
 of a company sales for 2021.  
 You can install Power BI on your PC  
 by going to the Microsoft store and searching for Power BI.  
 I have already imported the data  
 from sales order and customer files,  
 which you can find in the exercise files.  
 On the visualization panel,  
 there are several options to make a chart.  
 I want to build one showing how many items  
 were sold each month.  
 I'm going select the stacked column chart  
 because it will let me place time on the bottom axis  
 and count the orders on the vertical axis.  
 A blank visual is added to my workspace,  
 I'll select order date from the sales order  
 header table in the field's list.  
 Order date gets added in the axis box and visualizations.  
 Power BI determined that the field was a date  
 and produces a date hierarchy  
 of year, quarter, month, and day.  
 I'll select the X next to year  
 and quarter to remove them from my visualization  
 since I only need month and day.  
 Next, drag order quantity  
 from sales order details into values.  
 The data values showed on the chart  
 will be the sum of items sold that month.  
 The visual is populated, but very small.  
 I'll select the bottom right corner  
 of the visual and drag it to fill the screen.  
 Now I can see that the most items were sold in February.  
 I might prefer to see this with the date  
 on the vertical axis, so I can select stacked bar chart.  
 The last change I want to make to this chart is  
 to give it an easily understood name,  
 right now it's order quantity by month.  
 In the visualizations panel I'll select format,  
 expand title and change the title text to be monthly orders.  
 These visualizations will help you  
 to analyze the data at a glance.  
 Now that I've built my first Power BI visualization,  
 I want to create one more before finishing this report.  
 I'll shrink the monthly orders visual,  
 giving me room to work.  
 Next, let's create a donut chart to gain insight  
 into the companies that purchase the most.  
 The donut chart format will quickly show me  
 the top purchasers.  
 In the home ribbon, select new visual.  
 In the visualization pane, I'll select donut chart.  
 First, I'll pull in the total sales using line total,  
 select the check box next to line total  
 in sales order details.  
 Looking at this, we see that the line total is being shown  
 as a decimal number instead of a monetary sum.  
 I'll select line total, and we'll change the formatting  
 of this by selecting display the values in this column  
 as currency, we see that the total  
 for this chart is now $708,000 of sales.  
 Now, select the checkbox for company name  
 in the customer table and the donut chart  
 will populate with the customer names by total sales.  
 Move and resize the two visuals  
 so they show up well on the page.  
 Finally, since this report will be for our California  
 sales team, I'm going to apply a filter to the page.  
 Expand the filters panel and drag state province  
 from customer into the filters on this page box.  
 This will allow me to apply a filter  
 of customer state equals California  
 to all my visuals on the page.  
 I'll select California and see the visuals change,  
 February continues to be the month  
 when most items are ordered by California customers.  
 Eastside Department Store is the biggest purchaser  
 in California.  
 I now have a report ready to share  
 with our California team.  
 Bar charts and donut charts are just the beginning  
 of what you can accomplish with this software.  
 Power BI has many more options  
 to help you present your data.  
 Figure out what data points you can visually represent  
 to help your team grow and collaborate.  
 By finding opportunities to make visualizations,  
 you can clearly communicate your impact  
 and effectiveness to your team, clients, and stakeholders.  
 

