 - [Narrator] It's essential for you to be able to sort  
 and manage your data so that the most important information  
 is right at the top.  
 In this lesson, I'll show you how to use Excel  
 to sort and filter your data  
 so you can quickly find what you need.  
 In the top left corner of office.com,  
 I'll select the app launcher and open Excel.  
 From here, I'll open  
 the sample sales order Excel spreadsheet.  
 You can find this document in your exercise files.  
 I'm interested in finding a specific order.  
 To use the search function, I'll use find and select.  
 Then I'll select find  
 and enter the sales order number.  
 Now select find next and Excel will highlight that row.  
 You can also use these functions to look  
 for specific items ordered by good toys.  
 Here, I'll enter good toys and select find all  
 to see all the rows with the information I'm looking for.  
 To find orders by customers more easily,  
 I'll sort the data by customer name.  
 First I'll select the column  
 then select sort and filter from the home ribbon.  
 Then I'll select sort ascending.  
 Let's say I want to see the sales from smallest to largest.  
 I will select the first cell in the total due column  
 then select sort and filter and sort ascending.  
 Excel also allows you to filter data.  
 Filtering data allows you to see only the data  
 you're looking for.  
 For this example, I'll use the order detail sheet  
 by selecting its tab at the bottom.  
 Let's say I'm looking for orders from good toys.  
 I can navigate to the data ribbon  
 and add filter headings by selecting filter.  
 A dropdown is added to each header for the column.  
 Now I can select the values for the filters.  
 First I'll select the company dropdown,  
 deselect select all, then select good toys and apply.  
 These are the orders for good toys.  
 I can add more customers by selecting other customers  
 in the company dropdown.  
 I'll add action bicycle specialist  
 before selecting apply.  
 Once I'm done, I can remove all the filters  
 by selecting clear filter from company on the dropdown.  
 Excel also helped you sort using multiple columns  
 in a table.  
 I'm going to sort by the customer  
 and then by the line total.  
 I'll go to the data ribbon and select custom sort.  
 The custom dialogue allows me to pick the column to sort  
 and the order of appearance.  
 I'll start with the company column.  
 To add another column, I'll select add  
 and then I'll specify line total, sort descending,  
 and then select OK.  
 This produces a table where I can see the cost of the items  
 each customer ordered sorted from largest to smallest.  
 Now you have a few new ways to find  
 and sort data using Excel.  
 Take some time to sort and filter your data.  
 It all comes down to knowing what you're looking for.  
 

