 - [Narrator] Gathering feedback is a vital part  
 of any business workflow.  
 In this lesson, I'll show you how to share Power BI reports  
 with your team.  
 It's time to tell your story with data.  
 The easiest way to share your data with stakeholders  
 and collaborators is through exporting a PDF.  
 You can install Power BI on your PC  
 by going to the Microsoft Store and searching for Power BI.  
 Once I have a Power BI report ready to distribute,  
 I'll export the file.  
 In the upper left menu, I'll select File, Export  
 and Export to PDF.  
 Power BI exports a PDF format of your data,  
 saving it to your downloads folder  
 and opening it in your PC's default PDF viewer.  
 Now I can use it like any other file.  
 I'll return to Power BI.  
 To make your reports accessible  
 by colleagues and customers online,  
 your organization will need to have a subscription  
 to Power BI.  
 To publish your reports to the cloud,  
 you'll need to sign into your Microsoft 365 account  
 with the button in the upper right corner of the screen.  
 Then to export the file to the web,  
 on the home ribbon, select Publish,  
 select My workspace and continue.  
 Power BI will begin publishing.  
 In the results window, select open in Power BI.  
 Power BI on the web opens,  
 and I can see the same report I created on the desktop.  
 I'm ready to share this report with my team,  
 so I'll select Share and then enter the names of the people  
 in my organization that I want to share it with.  
 I'll add a quick message  
 and then select Send.  
 Another advantage of having an online subscription  
 to Power BI is the ability to create dashboards.  
 While reports are a page of visualizations,  
 you can think of dashboards as a story based on reports.  
 I'll select Home on the left menu  
 and then I'll open a sample report  
 supplied by Power BI, the Sales and Returns Sample.  
 There are a few reports listed under pages.  
 Let's look at the net sales and returns.  
 Both reports have the Category Breakdown  
 and Store Breakdown visualization.  
 I want to create a side by side report  
 with these three category breakdowns,  
 sales, returns and store.  
 Instead of recreating the visualization,  
 I can create a dashboard  
 by pinning the visualizations to a new dashboard.  
 In the upper right corner of each visualization,  
 select the pin icon.  
 The Pin to dashboard dialogue appears.  
 I can create a new dashboard and name it Sales Dashboard,  
 then select Pin.  
 Now on the left menu, I'll select Workspaces,  
 My workspace, and select the Sales Dashboard.  
 This is where the visualization is pinned to the dashboard.  
 I could continue to add more visualizations  
 to this dashboard from other Power BI reports.  
 From here, you can tell a story  
 about product sales and profitability.  
 Power BI provides several options  
 to collaborate and review reports.  
 Try sharing your reports with colleagues for feedback.  
 Collaboration is essential to growth  
 and ensures that stakeholders have the chance  
 to sign off on the visualizations you create  
 before they are shared with the world.  
 

