 - [Narrator] You may not realize it,  
 but forms are used all the time in your daily life.  
 Everything from casting your vote  
 to filling out a feedback survey  
 from your favorite coffee brand,  
 forms are used to gather all kinds of data.  
 In this lesson,  
 I'll show you how to use Microsoft Forms to make surveys,  
 quizzes, and sign up forms  
 to reveal any data you're looking for.  
 In the top left corner of office.com.,  
 I'll select the app launcher and open forms to get started.  
 Surveys gather data from clients  
 and can inform you of opportunities to improve.  
 For example, I use a survey every semester  
 to gauge my effectiveness as a lecturer.  
 Another great way businesses can use forms is  
 to collect information.  
 This is a t-shirt signup form.  
 Not only do you get information on a client's t-shirt size,  
 but you also get their contact information.  
 You can also use forms for event registration.  
 Having a single list of all the people  
 who are attending an event electronically is the best way  
 to stay organized.  
 By creating a survey  
 for all your company's event registrations,  
 you'll always be able to track down necessary information  
 like number of RSVPs and anything else you need  
 to create a seamless event.  
 While forms and surveys allow you to gather data,  
 you can also use quizzes to assess the knowledge  
 of your clients and coworkers.  
 Quizzes can be fun.  
 I've used this animal quiz icebreaker to engage  
 with my team at the start of a meeting.  
 You can easily assess quiz results  
 with the Microsoft Forms response tab.  
 Let's take a look at this animal quiz.  
 I can easily scroll through the results  
 to see which questions were the most difficult  
 and which were the easiest.  
 This is indicated on my screen by looking  
 for the questions that have the least number correct  
 or those that have the most number correct.  
 I can also see the results graphically for a quick glimpse  
 into how everyone is doing with the material.  
 You can also download the data in Excel or import the data  
 into your favorite reporting tool to do further analysis.  
 Microsoft Forms provide several opportunities  
 for you to gather information and assess data.  
 This week create a fun quiz  
 for your coworkers, clients, or students.  
 Getting data directly  
 from your audience can only serve to improve your work.  
 

