 - Whether your form has 5 question or 500 questions,  
 it should be organized well.  
 In this lesson I'll show you how to customize  
 and build clean dynamic surveys in Microsoft Forms.  
 In the top left corner of office.com,  
 I'll select the app launcher and open Forms.  
 Now I'll open the wedding planning consulting interest form.  
 First, I need to determine which fields are required  
 for a submission.  
 For this contact form,  
 the minimum information I'll need to be able  
 to follow up is an email address. .  
 Without it, I wouldn't know who to follow up with.  
 So I need to make email address a required question.  
 If I select the email address question  
 I can toggle the required button in the bottom right corner.  
 I'll repeat this for first name.  
 When the client views the form  
 the required questions will be indicated by a red asterisk.  
 Now that I've set the required fields  
 I can organize my survey into sections.  
 These help organize the survey  
 so the respondent sees questions in a logical flow.  
 I have three contact related questions  
 that would be good as a section, email address,  
 first name, and last name.  
 Select the last name question  
 and add new will appear below it.  
 Select add new, then more question types on the right  
 and select section.  
 This will add section two below last name  
 section one is at the top of the form  
 and contains the three contact information questions.  
 Now you can label each section  
 by selecting the header.  
 For the first section, I'll enter contact information  
 and leave the description box blank.  
 The next section revolves around timing.  
 I'll enter wedding date.  
 Now I'll add in a final section  
 by selecting the final question  
 add new, more question types, and section.  
 This creates a section below this question  
 and I'll enter services.  
 I'll move the question  
 about how comfortable the client feels into this section.  
 Select the question and then the move question down arrow  
 in the top right corner.  
 Fantastic, I now have the wedding date questions  
 in the correct section and the form is organized.  
 You may also want to add branching  
 to your forms to further organize them.  
 Branching changes which questions are asked based  
 on the respondent's answer to previous questions.  
 For this form, if the client wants  
 to have a wedding in the next six months,  
 I want them to answer additional questions.  
 So I'll build a new section after services.  
 After the final question,  
 I'll select add new and then section.  
 I'll enter additional information as the name.  
 Then I'll add a new question,  
 select text, and turn on the long answer toggle  
 so clients can write a paragraph text.  
 This question will say  
 what bookings have you made for your wedding?  
 Then I'll go back to the rating question  
 and select copy question in the top right corner.  
 I'll select move question down once.  
 So the duplicate question is in section four.  
 Next to add branching, I'll go back to question four.  
 As the answer to this question will determine  
 what the next question will be.  
 To add branching select the more settings  
 for question then add branching.  
 If the client responds less than six months  
 I will branch the section four, additional information  
 by using the go-to dropdown  
 so I can gather the information I need.  
 For the other responses, I will leave them as go to next  
 and they will proceed to section three.  
 At the end of section three  
 I will change the go-to dropdown to end of form  
 so they do not have to fill out section four.  
 Select back to save your changes.  
 Now the form only asks for additional details  
 if their wedding is within the next six months.  
 Finally you want to test the survey.  
 Testing is essential to make sure your survey  
 looks and functions as you intended.  
 First I'll select preview in the upper right corner  
 I'll enter some test data, email, first name, last name.  
 When I select next,  
 the form goes to the wedding date section.  
 I'll say my wedding is within the next six months.  
 And when I select next,  
 I am taken to the additional information section.  
 So the added branching worked correctly.  
 I'd say this is a successful form.  
 I'll select the submit button to complete the testing.  
 And select back to return to the edit questions page.  
 With sections and branching, you can create surveys  
 that take clients on a journey of your design.  
 I encourage you to try it yourself.  
 By using these tools, you can create engaging  
 and useful surveys for both you and your customers.  
 Nice work.  
 

