 - [Narrator] Data can come from many different places.  
 You'll often have multiple spreadsheets that when combined,  
 would be more powerful.  
 Being able to use Excel's XLOOKUP function  
 will save you time as you join data sources.  
 It's easily my favorite function in Excel.  
 In this lesson, I'll show you  
 how to combine data sources using XLOOKUP.  
 In order to use XLOOKUP, you'll need two Excel tables  
 with at least one column in common.  
 The XLOOKUP function has three required pieces,  
 The Lookup_value, the single cell I want to look up,  
 the Lookup_array, or the column where I'll find it,  
 and the Return_array,  
 the column with data I want to return as a result.  
 In the top left corner of Office.com,  
 I'll select the app launcher,  
 select all apps and open Excel.  
 For this example, I'll open the Customers and Orders file.  
 You can follow along  
 by downloading it from the exercise files.  
 This file has a sheet named Sales Order,  
 which has a list of all the orders that have been placed.  
 It lists all the Customer IDs, which have placed orders,  
 but it would be more helpful to have the customer names.  
 I have a second sheet in this workbook, Customer.  
 This has a column for both Customer ID and Customer Name.  
 I'll use XLOOKUP to bring the customer names  
 over into my Sales Orders table.  
 I'll return to Sales Order and add a new column,  
 Company Name, to the right of Customer ID.  
 This is where I'll populate the company names.  
 I'll select cell E1, then the dropdown under Insert  
 and then select Insert Table Columns to the left.  
 I'll rename column one to be Customer Name  
 by changing it in the Formula Bar.  
 Now that there's a new column, it's time to start.  
 I'll select cell E2,  
 and in the Formula Bar, I'll enter equals Xlookup.  
 When I start a cell using an equal sign,  
 it signifies that the cell is a function  
 and not simply a value.  
 The function parameters are listed below the Formula Bar  
 so I can readily know what to fill in.  
 The first parameter is Lookup_value.  
 I want to find the Customer ID, so I'll select the cell, D2.  
 Excel recognizes it as the Customer ID column,  
 and populates that in my XLOOKUP formula.  
 Now I'll enter a comma into the Formula Bar  
 to move on to the next parameter.  
 Next, I'll enter the column  
 where I want to find the Customer ID, the Lookup_array.  
 This is in the Customer sheet,  
 so while select its tab at the bottom.  
 Notice that XLOOKUP stays in the Formula Bar as I move.  
 I'll hover my cursor  
 near the bottom of the Customer ID column header  
 where it will change to an arrow and then select.  
 This will populate the Customer ID column  
 from the Customer's table  
 as a second parameter in the XLOOKUP.  
 It's where Excel will look for the Customer ID  
 it found in the Sales Order sheet.  
 Then, I'll enter a comma in the Formula Bar  
 to fill in the last required value, the Return_array.  
 When Excel finds the ID number  
 from my Sales Order table in the Customer table,  
 I want it to return the customer name  
 that is connected to it.  
 So I'll find the company name, column B,  
 and we'll hover my cursor near the bottom of the header  
 until the down arrow appears and then select.  
 Now my XLOOKUP formula says take the Customer ID  
 from the Sales Order table,  
 look that up in the Customer sheet,  
 and return the Company Name.  
 I'll finish this XLOOKUP  
 by closing the formula with a right parenthesis.  
 Excel will take me back to the Sales Order table,  
 where the customer name has populated.  
 This is great. The XLOOKUP is complete.  
 Joining two tables is essential for analyzing data in Excel.  
 The next time you need to combine data  
 from two spreadsheets, try using XLOOKUP.  
 The more you practice using this function,  
 the easier it is to use.  
 You'll be amazed by what you can achieve.  
 

