 - [Narrator] To complete your goals, making a list of tasks  
 for the day can keep you on track.  
 To free up even more time to spend on what really matters,  
 you can go beyond a list of tasks with automation.  
 In this lesson, I'll show you how to use Power Automate  
 to create and assign tasks to team members using templates.  
 Let's jump in.  
 In the top left corner of office.com,  
 I'll select the app launcher and open Power Automate.  
 From here, I'll select templates from the left panel.  
 The templates are sorted by popularity,  
 and at the top of the list, there's different categories  
 sorted by connectors and triggers.  
 The flow I want to create will be triggered  
 when a client fills out the wedding planning  
 consulting interest form.  
 Let's search for planner and forms by entering  
 forms and planner into the search box.  
 Some template leveraging these products load,  
 and I'll select Create a task in Planner  
 from Microsoft Forms and post message in Teams.  
 This way, I'll be able to track the incoming requests  
 in Planner and notify my team when new clients  
 request support.  
 This page shows an overview  
 of the template and its connections,  
 Microsoft Forms, Planner, and Teams.  
 Select Continue.  
 Before starting to add content I like to do a quick scan  
 of the template and make sure it will serve my needs.  
 This flow will be triggered when a new form  
 response is submitted.  
 It will use the details of the response to create a task,  
 and then will post a message in Teams.  
 Perfect.  
 I'll select the ABC Wedding Planning  
 Consulting Interest form as a trigger by selecting  
 Pick a form in the Form ID box  
 of When a new response is submitted.  
 Then repeat with the same form and get response details.  
 Response ID is pre-populated by the template.  
 In the Create a task section for the Plan ID  
 I'll use an existing plan called Wedding Planning Interest.  
 I'll enter a title, Contact new client,  
 and use the Add dynamic content link  
 to add name and email address.  
 I'll leave the Bucket ID and dates field blank  
 for this flow.  
 Since this task is for Isaiah,  
 I'll enter his email in the Assigned User IDs field.  
 Finally, in the Post a message in a chat or channel section  
 I'll set up a notification to appear  
 in our Team's interest forms channel.  
 This way, everyone will know when a form is submitted.  
 I'll leave the first two boxes Post as Flow Bot  
 and Post in Channel as their defaults.  
 Flow has an automated bot that will post a message  
 in my Team's channel, which is perfect.  
 Next I'll set my Team to Wedding Consulting,  
 and set the channel the bot will post in to Interest Form.  
 Finally, I will set the message as new interest form  
 has arrived from, and add the dynamic content,  
 first name, last name, and email address.  
 Now the whole Team will know it has come in.  
 I'll select Save in the upper right corner.  
 I always check for errors by selecting the Flow checker.  
 And once I see there are no errors,  
 I can test the workflow by selecting Test,  
 then Manually then Test.  
 Lynn has this form open and will submit a test response.  
 When the form is submitted, the flow will run automatically.  
 I now see that the flow was successful.  
 The flow automatically assigned Lynn's interest to Isaiah,  
 and posted a message in the Team's Wedding Interest channel.  
 Templates are a great way to kickstart your flow creations.  
 Chances are the flow you need probably already exists.  
 So, take some time this week to become familiar  
 with the template options in Power Automate.  
 The beauty of templates is that you can customize the flow  
 however you need.  
 

