 - [Instructor] Accessing, organizing, and using notes  
 in a paper notebook can be really challenging.  
 OneNote is a digital notebook  
 that makes your information work for you.  
 In this lesson,  
 I'm going to walk you through creating a notebook in OneNote  
 so that you can keep your information organized, useful,  
 and accessible from anywhere, anytime.  
 For job seekers, it's necessary  
 to keep track of detailed information  
 on each job you search for.  
 In this example,  
 I'll show you how to create a notebook in OneNote  
 to help with that important task.  
 First, in the top left corner of office.com,  
 select the app launcher and open OneNote.  
 Now that I've opened OneNote,  
 it's time to create a new notebook.  
 Select the Add new notebook option  
 and give the new notebook a name.  
 I'll name my notebook My job search notes,  
 and then I'll select Create.  
 After the notebook is created,  
 it's time to organize content by adding sections.  
 When you open a brand-new notebook,  
 you'll see this alert that the notebook is empty  
 with no sections.  
 In OneNote, every notebook is made up of sections  
 and each section has pages.  
 Think of these sections like dividers  
 between loose-leaf papers and a physical binder.  
 To add a section, I'm going to select Add section.  
 A window opens, asking for a section name.  
 Let's say I'm looking for two types of jobs,  
 one working as an office assistant  
 and the other as a teaching assistant.  
 These are different jobs.  
 So I'll separate my notebook  
 into an office assistant section  
 and a teaching assistant section.  
 I'm most interested in the office assistant job,  
 so I'll start with that section.  
 I'll name this section office assistant and select OK.  
 So now I have a new section in my notebook  
 called office assistant.  
 When a new section is created,  
 OneNote automatically adds a page called Untitled Page,  
 which I'll update here  
 to specify what type of notes I'll include.  
 Let's say job details.  
 Now that this page is set up,  
 I'm ready to take notes on the job opportunity.  
 Now that you know how to create a notebook  
 and sections within it,  
 you can make your own digital notebooks.  
 These will be places  
 classes you're taking,  
 or which new series you want to binge watch.  
 

