 - [Instructor] Things change quickly,  
 and you need spreadsheets that adapt just as fast.  
 With a few key features in Excel,  
 you can edit and manage your data easily.  
 In this lesson, I'm going to show you how to use Excel  
 to keep track of new information  
 and remove old information  
 so that you can keep your data up to date and useful.  
 I'll start by opening the sample budget  
 that you can find in the exercise files.  
 So now that I can see my budget,  
 I want to see how it's changed  
 between this month and last month.  
 To see this in my table,  
 I need to add columns.  
 To add a column between the A and B columns,  
 I select the B column and right-click.  
 A menu with several options open.  
 I want to select Insert Columns.  
 A column is added between A and B.  
 The data in the columns is still the same,  
 but everything has shifted to the right.  
 Next, I'll name the new column to keep my data organized.  
 I'll title the new column Last Month.  
 And I'll name my amount column This Month.  
 I can now add data from the previous month to my table.  
 If, instead, you want to remove an entire column,  
 select the column you want removed,  
 right-click,  
 and select Delete Columns.  
 The entire column is removed.  
 Adding and removing rows uses similar steps.  
 Say you want to add a row between row six and row seven.  
 First, select row seven,  
 right-click,  
 then select Insert Rows.  
 A new row has been added,  
 which I can use to add a new expense.  
 To delete a row,  
 first select the row you want removed,  
 right-click,  
 and select Delete Rows.  
 The entire row is removed.  
 Suppose you want to add a title to your expenses table.  
 First, add a row above your table for the title.  
 This new row has sales for each column in my table.  
 For my title, I only need one cell,  
 so I can use the merge feature  
 to combine these different cells into a single cell.  
 Merge will only keep the data in the upper left cell,  
 so I need to place my title  
 in the cell farthest to the left.  
 Here, I'll type My Monthly Expenses Table.  
 Next, select all the cells you want to merge.  
 Go to the Alignment section in your ribbon,  
 select Merge & Center.  
 Merge & Center will merge the two cells into one cell  
 and center the text.  
 I can also select Unmerge Cells here.  
 Now that you know how to add, delete,  
 merge and unmerge columns and rows,  
 you have the flexibility you need  
 to manage your ever-changing data.  
 

