 - [Instructor] The first step to understanding data  
 is organizing it in a spreadsheet,  
 but in order to understand what the data really means,  
 you'll want to learn how to visualize it.  
 It can be difficult to get a full picture  
 of monthly expenses just by looking at a worksheet.  
 In this example, I'll bring that data into a chart,  
 so that I can get clarity on key trends,  
 how much money is being spent,  
 what can be done differently in the future?  
 In this lesson, I'm going to show you how  
 to use Excel's charts to visualize data,  
 adding a different view and a new understanding  
 to simple numbers on a spreadsheet.  
 So, go ahead and download the sample budget workbook  
 and the exercise files, so that you can follow along.  
 The first thing to do is select the data.  
 I know I want to have a clearer understanding  
 of my monthly expenses, so I'll highlight  
 my monthly expenses table.  
 I'll select and drag to include the full range.  
 With the data selected, go to the ribbon and select insert.  
 A new ribbon has opened here, with a few options.  
 I'm looking for a visual representation  
 of how my money is spent each month,  
 so a pie chart would be the best choice for me.  
 So, I'll select pie chart and select 2-D Pie.  
 We're going to make my chart a little smaller,  
 so we can see it.  
 You can also drag and drop your chart to move it around.  
 From here, I can see how much of my monthly expenses  
 fall into each category.  
 Now, that I've made my data visual in a chart,  
 it's easy for me to see if any of my expenses  
 need to be adjusted.  
 Looking at how much I spend in entertainment,  
 I think that might be a piece of my budget  
 where I can make some adjustments.  
 Now that you know how to add a chart,  
 you can make visual representations  
 of your own data in a worksheet,  
 or try adding a chart to the sample budget.  
 Experiment with different types of charts  
 to see what they look like  
 and visualize your data in new ways.  
 

