 - [Instructor] Data is everywhere in the digital world.  
 With so much information on your screens and in your life,  
 it can be tough to keep track of everything.  
 What's great about Excel is that once you have your data  
 on a table, it's much easier to organize  
 and locate what you're looking for.  
 In this lesson,  
 I'm going to show you how to sort your data in a table  
 to find the information you need.  
 To get started, download and open  
 the sample budget exercise file in Excel.  
 Now that I have the document open,  
 you can see that expense items  
 and amounts are already formatted as a table,  
 but they're not in any particular order.  
 I want to see my most expensive expense.  
 So I'll need to use sort and filter.  
 Sorting allows you to organize the data in a specific order.  
 To sort my data, I'll go to the header of my table  
 and select the Filter and Sort button  
 on the column I want to sort.  
 In the menu that appears,  
 I can choose from a variety of ways to sort the data.  
 Because I want to see my most expensive items first,  
 I'll select Sort Largest to Smallest.  
 Now, the expenses are sorted  
 from the highest expense to the lowest expense.  
 Sorting in this way can come in handy  
 when prioritizing which expenses  
 have the highest impact on a monthly budget.  
 In addition to sorting expenses by cost,  
 you can also sort them by name.  
 To sort by name, return to the top of the items column,  
 select Filter and Sort, and choose Sort A to Z.  
 Now, instead of the list being in order  
 from most expensive to least,  
 the budget items are sorted alphabetically.  
 This is useful if you have a long list of items  
 and you want to find one by name.  
 You can also filter the data in a table.  
 Filtering allows you to more easily see the data  
 you're looking for by temporarily limiting what's visible.  
 For example, I can filter my table  
 to only show the expenses that are $200.  
 Simply select the Filter and Sort button,  
 deselect Select All,  
 and select $200 and select Apply.  
 This will show only the expenses that are $200.  
 I can select  
 Select All to select all of my expenses again.  
 Now that you know how to sort and filter data in Excel,  
 you can arrange any type of data  
 in a way that works for you.  
 

