 - [Instructor] When words aren't enough to communicate  
 an idea, PowerPoint provides a simple visual solution.  
 With PowerPoint presentations,  
 you can add pictures and icons to your slides  
 that help illustrate important information.  
 In this lesson,  
 I'll show you how to add pictures to your presentations.  
 In this example, I open PowerPoint to add  
 to the presentation I'm creating  
 for an upcoming job interview.  
 You can follow along by downloading the sample presentation  
 from the exercise files.  
 Now that I have my presentation open,  
 I want to add pictures and icons to some of the slides.  
 I'll start with the About Me slide.  
 For this slide I chose two content as my layout,  
 so it's ready for a picture to be added.  
 I have several types of content I can add.  
 A table, smart art, icons, pictures from my computer,  
 stock images, or even a video from the web.  
 I'll show you how to view stock images  
 so you can see what visuals PowerPoint has to offer.  
 You can type a term in the search bar  
 or select from the categories below.  
 I'll type cooperation because I like helping other people.  
 I find an image that I like, select it to add it  
 to my presentation.  
 Then I select Insert.  
 And just like that, the picture is on the About Me slide.  
 Now I want to change the look of my image,  
 including its size and location.  
 With the image selected,  
 I can alter its shape and placement.  
 There's a button that rotates the image using  
 the rotation feature, and I can also drag and drop the image  
 to a new location.  
 To alter the size of your image,  
 use the corners to keep the proportions the same.  
 If you use the sizing options to only make it taller,  
 or only wider, the proportions of the image will distort.  
 I'll move on to the next slide.  
 I think the software skill slide could benefit  
 from the addition of an icon.  
 I'll select icon.  
 I'll search for a computer icon.  
 Find one that I like, select it, select insert  
 and it's added to my slide.  
 I can also change the color  
 of the icon by right clicking the icon.  
 I want to change the fill  
 or the color of the inner space of the icon.  
 Once I select the dropdown menu from Graphics, Fill,  
 I can choose the color I want from these options.  
 I'll make my icon larger so it's easier to see.  
 Before I finish, I'm going to take another look  
 at the design options to see  
 if there's a better look for my slides.  
 I'll select the design options I like most for each slide.  
 Now my presentation looks really great  
 with the added picture and icon.  
 Try out your new skills by adding some visual content  
 to your presentation to really engage your audience.  
 

