 - [Instructor] Picture this.  
 You just updated your resume to apply for a new job.  
 All the details look great, except there's one problem.  
 Your resume's spread over two pages  
 and the job application asks for one page max.  
 By adjusting the margins,  
 you can keep everything on the same page  
 without deleting anything important.  
 In this lesson, I'll show you how to use margins  
 to fit the content you want in the space you need.  
 To get started, download the sample resume  
 available in the Exercise Files.  
 The first thing you need to do is open the resume.  
 Since this is such an important document,  
 make sure to review it closely  
 to make sure it has all the necessary information.  
 This layout looks good,  
 but there's a little bit of text  
 running onto the second page.  
 So to keep everything on one page without deleting anything,  
 you want to customize your margins.  
 I'll show you how by going up to the ribbon  
 and selecting Layout.  
 This is where Word displays several options  
 for how text is arranged on the page.  
 You can explore all these features on your own,  
 but for now, just select Margins.  
 From here, you can choose pre-made margins  
 or Custom Margins.  
 I'll choose Custom Margins to give myself more flexibility.  
 When I select Margins,  
 a window appears showing the current margins.  
 The bigger your margins are,  
 the less room you'll have for text on a page,  
 but making them smaller will allow you  
 to fit more text in the same space.  
 Since I need to fit all the text  
 onto a single sheet of paper,  
 these margins need to be smaller.  
 I'll lower the default margins from one inch  
 down to a half an inch.  
 After selecting OK  
 to apply the updated margins to your document,  
 the resume now fits on one page.  
 If you need to adjust the margins again,  
 you can always go back into Custom Margins  
 and make any changes you need.  
 Now you know exactly how to adjust the margins  
 in a Word document  
 and get everything you need on the same page.  
 You're ready to reformat your resume  
 or any other document.  
 

