 - [Instructor] When you send an email,  
 you're starting a digital dialogue.  
 So the person you're sending your email to  
 will need to know who you are and how they can respond.  
 Adding an email signature is an easy way  
 to sign off your emails  
 that you can use at the end of all your emails.  
 In this lesson, I'll show you  
 how to keep your sign-offs consistent  
 and your communication going strong with email signatures.  
 For this example, I'm in the middle of a job search.  
 I may be sending multiple emails  
 as I apply for each new job.  
 Before I write my emails,  
 I want to create an email signature  
 so I can have a standard ending to all my job search emails.  
 First, in the top-left corner of office.com,  
 select the app launcher and open Outlook.  
 From here, I'll go to Settings at the top right.  
 Here you can change the look of your inbox,  
 but I need to go to View all Outlook settings  
 to access more options.  
 Next I go to Compose and reply,  
 then the Email signature section.  
 This is where I create the signature that I want  
 for all my job search-related emails.  
 Here I'll add my name, my email address, and my phone number  
 in case someone needs to reach me right away.  
 Then I'll give my email signature a name.  
 I'll call it Job search so I can reuse it later.  
 There are a lot of options in Compose and reply.  
 I can select a default signature,  
 alter how I format messages,  
 and a lot more.  
 For simply setting up an email signature,  
 you don't need to worry  
 about diving too deep below this first section.  
 I'll save my email signature  
 and close out of here by selecting the X.  
 Now that I have my email signature set up and saved,  
 it's ready to use.  
 So I'll select New message.  
 At the bottom of the window with my new email,  
 I'll select more options,  
 then select Insert signature,  
 and select the Job search signature,  
 and the signature will be added to the new email.  
 Now you know how to create a signature  
 to add to any email you compose,  
 saving time when you want to share the same information  
 at the end of your emails.  
 

