 - [Host] Believe it or not,  
 there are still many reasons  
 why a file living on your computer, tablet or phone  
 needs to jump off the screen and onto a sheet of paper.  
 Perhaps you need to add a handwritten signature  
 to an agreement or give a hard copy of your resume  
 to a hiring manager.  
 In these situations, you just need to press print.  
 After watching this lesson,  
 you'll know the steps to print your word documents,  
 bringing them off the screen and into the physical world.  
 A common document that needs to be shared physically  
 is a job resume.  
 So I'll walk you through how to print using a sample resume.  
 To begin, download the sample resume  
 available in the exercise files and open it up.  
 I won't be able to make any changes  
 once this resume is printed on a piece of paper.  
 So I want to take a moment to review my resume  
 and make sure I'm ready to press print.  
 Once I'm certain that this document is exactly how I want,  
 I'll go to the ribbon and select file.  
 From here, you can choose to create a new file,  
 open an existing file, save, share, export, or print.  
 To hold a copy of this document in my hand,  
 I'll need to choose print and then print this document.  
 Now a new screen appears that displays an image  
 of what the printout will look like,  
 as well as additional options and settings on the left.  
 Next, make sure the destination is set  
 for the correct printer.  
 With the destination set correctly,  
 and the preview looking right,  
 you are just about ready to print.  
 Leave the pages option to all.  
 If you had a multi-page document,  
 you'd use this option to specify  
 which pages you wanted to print,  
 but that's not right for my resume.  
 So I'll leave it as one.  
 At this point, if you select print,  
 the printing process will be underway.  
 If you want to go beyond a standard print  
 you can select print using system dialogue,  
 where you can change the layout of your document  
 from portrait to landscape, print only specific pages,  
 or make any other advanced adjustments.  
 Printing your documents is less common with PDFs and email,  
 but it's still a great way to make sure your document  
 looks exactly how you created it.  
 When you print a document,  
 you're bringing your digital work into the physical world  
 and that's amazing.  
 

