 - [Instructor] There's a great feeling of accomplishment  
 when you finish a project and are ready to share it  
 with the world.  
 To make sure you're sharing the best version  
 of your work to whoever needs to see it,  
 you need to turn that document into a PDF  
 and Microsoft Word makes it incredibly easy to do that.  
 So what exactly is a PDF?  
 Think of it as a digital version of printed paper.  
 In this lesson,  
 I'll show you how to print your documents digitally,  
 making them into PDFs so that you can share them  
 with the world exactly as you intended them to look.  
 To begin, download the exercise file  
 and open up the Sample Resume Word document.  
 My resume looks how I want, so I'm ready to finalize it.  
 I'll go to the ribbon at the top of Word and select file.  
 A new window pops up with several options.  
 I can create a new file,  
 Open an existing File, Save, Share, Export or Print.  
 To make a PDF, I'll select Save As.  
 Once I select Save As, a few options open in a new window.  
 I want to make my resume a PDF.  
 So I'll select Download as PDF.  
 After I select Download as PDF,  
 I need to choose where I want to save my document  
 and what I want to name it.  
 To easily find it later,  
 I want to save it in the same folder where  
 I've stored my Resume Word document.  
 So I've already navigated to the folder and my OneDrive  
 where my resume is located.  
 I'll simply drag and drop the resume into my OneDrive.  
 When you're sharing files with others,  
 you'll definitely want to name the file  
 in a way that communicates what's  
 in the document before it's open.  
 I'll name this document J Sherman Resume  
 Administrative Assistant and select Rename.  
 So that's it.  
 I have my resume saved as a PDF,  
 and now you know how to create a version  
 of your documents that preserves your content  
 and format perfectly every time.  
 Saving your documents as PDFs is a great way  
 to make sure the document keeps all  
 of your intended formatting.  
 Even if different people access it from different devices  
 using a variety of software.  
 

