 - [Narrator] When you're searching for a job,  
 you're likely spending valuable time  
 thinking about your resume, or CV.  
 You might even want to take it to the next level  
 and give your resume a brand new professional look.  
 With Styles, there's a quick and easy way to do just that.  
 Adjust the font, look and color  
 of the different parts of your documents.  
 I'm going to show you  
 how to make your documents look their best  
 and stand out from the rest.  
 To get started, download the sample resume  
 available in the Exercise Files,  
 and I'll walk you through how to customize your resume.  
 Here, you can see I have the file open in Word.  
 I use the template to create the resume,  
 but I want to make some slight adjustments  
 so it looks just right.  
 To quickly see what different styles are available,  
 I'll go to the Style tab on the ribbon.  
 So many great options.  
 I want to start by changing the style  
 for my school in the Education section.  
 So I'll just highlight that portion of text.  
 Head back to the ribbon.  
 Select the Style tab. There are several options in styles.  
 Notice the differences in font color, size  
 and other text formats, like Emphasis or Bold?  
 Since I'm adjusting my school to add focus to it,  
 I'll choose Heading 3.  
 As you can see,  
 Word changes the highlighted text to match the style.  
 Now, there are a lot of options to choose from  
 in the Styles dropdown,  
 but you might not find the perfect fit you're looking for.  
 If you still aren't finding the perfect fit,  
 you can try to create your own style.  
 I'll change the style for the name.  
 With my name already highlighted,  
 I'll change the font color and make it blue.  
 And then I'll also put it in Italics.  
 With that perfect font, color and style picked out,  
 just head back to Styles  
 and then choose Create New Style from Formatting.  
 Give that style a name, and I'll call it Blue Italics  
 and click OK.  
 And now, my new original style  
 will be ready to use elsewhere.  
 And that's all there is to it.  
 Styles can help quickly change  
 multiple formatting options all at once,  
 standardizing them across your entire document.  
 Practice your skills by changing the style  
 of some text in your documents to elevate their look.  
 

