 - [Instructor] If you're starting from scratch  
 every time you create a document,  
 you might feel like you're reinventing the wheel.  
 But with OneNote,  
 you can easily create consistent documents using templates,  
 tailoring your notebook to your needs in no time.  
 In this lesson, I'll show you how to create pages  
 to store information in your notebook  
 and also how to use templates to save you time.  
 In OneNote, you can create notebooks,  
 which are made up of sections.  
 Each section contains pages  
 and that's where you'll document your notes.  
 First, I'll open my notebook.  
 So to create a new page,  
 I'll select Add page at the bottom of my notebook.  
 We can start here.  
 Now, I will add the information  
 I want to keep track of for each job,  
 like the job title, company name, how to apply, and more.  
 I'll select where I want to add content and add the content.  
 You can also format any text you add  
 to make it stand out.  
 Here, I'll make the application due date larger,  
 in bold,  
 and in a different color to really make it stand out.  
 I also want to add a table at the bottom of this page  
 to compare the pros and cons of this job.  
 First, I select where I want my table to go.  
 I select Insert,  
 select Table,  
 and highlight the size that I need for my table.  
 I'll choose two rows and two columns.  
 The table is inserted,  
 and I'll label the columns Pros and Cons.  
 I'll also add bullets by selecting bullets.  
 So the information I enter  
 will be neatly organized at my table.  
 Now that I have a design for my notes,  
 I'll name this page Job search template.  
 The title goes to the top of each page.  
 Next, I will replicate this Job search template page  
 for each job I am interested in  
 by right-clicking on the page,  
 selecting Move/Copy from the menu that appears,  
 and then choosing Copy.  
 I now have a duplicate  
 of my Job search template page.  
 From here, I'll rename this page  
 based on a job I'm interested in.  
 Now, I'll enter the information  
 that I have for this job search, like the job title,  
 the company name, and how to apply.  
 I can come back and fill in the other details  
 when I have them.  
 Now, you have the skills to create custom templates  
 and pages in your own notebooks.  
 Try it out.  
 

