 - [Instructor] Many times, the most difficult part  
 of creating something is getting started.  
 You can have all the best ideas,  
 but unless you know the direction you want to go,  
 taking the first step can be intimidating.  
 Word templates.  
 Take the guesswork out of the first step  
 and help you craft great-looking documents,  
 freeing you up to focus on your content.  
 After this lesson,  
 you'll be ready to take advantage of templates  
 and make your project stand out.  
 To get started, in the top left corner of office.com,  
 select the app launcher and open Word.  
 Once Word opens, you can choose a blank document,  
 meaning you're starting from scratch,  
 or choose a pre-made template.  
 A template is a sample document  
 that you can customize to make your own.  
 In this example, I'm beginning a job search.  
 So I want to make a resume, also known as a CV,  
 using templates.  
 These templates are great,  
 but they're not quite what I'm envisioning.  
 So I'll select More templates.  
 I like the look of the Resume green template,  
 so I'll choose that one.  
 The new document opens  
 and starts with the standard resume layout.  
 Now, before I get too far, I'll rename and save my document.  
 Simply select the document name.  
 I'll name this one My Resume,  
 and I can see that it is saved.  
 Now, as you can see,  
 the template not only comes  
 with a well-formatted example of a resume,  
 but inside each section,  
 the template includes directions to follow.  
 For example, in the Objective section,  
 this template shows the title  
 and in the body clearly tells you what to put there.  
 If you have an old resume that needs an upgrade,  
 you can copy the content from that old resume  
 into the new template.  
 Simply copy the content from the old resume  
 and paste it as text into the template.  
 For now, I'll just add new content.  
 I'll start by adding the simplest text in first,  
 starting with my name.  
 First, I highlight the text I want to replace  
 and type in my name.  
 I see for Experience,  
 there's a section for job title and job position.  
 I only need job title for experience,  
 so I'll delete job position by using Cut.  
 I will also duplicate the text in Experience  
 using Copy and Paste.  
 Now, I have space for two jobs.  
 I don't need the Communication section,  
 so I'll just cut this section.  
 After replacing the text and the template  
 with my own content,  
 I will have a beautifully put together resume,  
 and I didn't have to think twice  
 about the font style, size, margins,  
 or any other formatting.  
 The template had that figured out already.  
 Now that I've walked you through the simple process  
 of creating and editing a template,  
 you're ready to try it out on your own.  
 What documents can you make better by using templates?  
 Practice your skills by moving an existing document  
 into a new template  
 and see your content get a fresh format.  
 

