 - Managing multiple sheets could be a mess,  
 but with Excel Worksheets  
 you can keep your work organized and easy to access,  
 by adding multiple sheets into a single Workbook.  
 In this lesson, I'm going to show you  
 how to manage your worksheets more efficiently,  
 so you can keep your digital workspace free of clutter.  
 I've created a chart so you can see a visual representation  
 of what monthly expenses might look like.  
 Right now I have a pie chart of my expenses  
 and one of the sheets within my workbook titled, My Budget.  
 The sheet it's in right now is labeled Expenses.  
 And the chart is sitting next to the table of expenses.  
 But I want it in its own sheet.  
 In order to do that I will add a new sheet  
 by selecting the new sheet button  
 at the bottom of the workbook.  
 A new blank sheet will pop up  
 and you'll be able to give it a name.  
 I'll name this sheet Pie Chart.  
 In order to move the pie chart over to this new sheet,  
 I'll select the chart from the old sheet and cut it.  
 Then I'll go to the new pie chart sheet  
 and choose where I want to place my chart.  
 I want to place the chart in B2.  
 So I'm going to select that cell then paste the pie chart.  
 I can now see my chart in the pie chart worksheet.  
 In the table of expenses still exist  
 in the expenses worksheet.  
 If I wanted to continue growing this workbook  
 I could easily add another new worksheet  
 and use that for a guest list, to do's,  
 or any other aspect that fits within my overall budget.  
 To keep multiple worksheets organized in the same workbook  
 I can change the order of my sheets  
 by dragging and dropping the tabs.  
 Now that you know how to build out a workbook  
 to include individual worksheets,  
 gathering, organizing and referencing all that data  
 will be much easier.  
 Whether you're creating a new budget  
 or need to keep track of job searches.  
 I encourage you to make the most of your workbooks  
 by creating individual worksheets  
 for each element of your project.  
 

