 - [Instructor] When logged into Skype,  
 you and your contacts can keep track  
 of each other's availability with the presence indicators.  
 You can set your own presence status  
 by clicking the colored dot next to your name.  
 Active is green  
 and means that you're actively using your computer  
 and are generally available to receive messages and calls.  
 This doesn't mean that you have to receive  
 and reply to messages right away,  
 but it's a good idea to set your status  
 to let your friends and coworkers know your availability  
 so they have a better idea of when they might  
 get a reply from you.  
 So you can set your status to away  
 if you're away from your computer,  
 in a meeting, and so on,  
 which turns your icon yellow,  
 and that lets your contacts know  
 that you may not respond right away,  
 but that you're still able to receive messages.  
 And do not disturb  
 not only turns the presence indicator red,  
 but it will also mute notifications about incoming messages  
 so you truly won't be disturbed  
 by people trying to text or call you.  
 Your contacts will still see that you're logged into Skype,  
 but the red indicator will let them know that you aren't  
 receiving notifications at the moment.  
 And for times when you went to remain on Skype  
 but not show up as online,  
 you can choose the invisible option.  
 I'll set mine back to active.  
 Now, regardless of someone's presence indicator,  
 you can send them a text message at any time  
 by clicking their name in your contact list  
 and then just start typing a message.  
 I'll press Enter to send that message to Jade.  
 Now, when I see Jade's icon or initials appear  
 below that message,  
 that tells me that she's seen the message,  
 and notice that when she starts replying,  
 we see a message here that Jade is typing.  
 And now I've received a reply from Jade  
 and I can again reply to her.  
 Now I can see that Jade has set her status to away  
 so I know that I might not receive a reply right away,  
 so I can just leave Skype running  
 to check in with my other contacts  
 or while I do other work on my computer.  
 And that's how to have a text-based conversation in Skype.  
 

