 - [Instructor] A big part of being connected to the internet  
 is having access to the seemingly unlimited amounts  
 of information out there.  
 As you may know,  
 the best way to find information you're looking for  
 is to perform a search through a search engine.  
 A search engine is an online resource  
 that systematically catalogs the contents of the web  
 so that when you perform a search,  
 you can bring up webpages matching the words or terms  
 you're looking for.  
 There are many search engines out there,  
 and you've probably heard of at least a few of them,  
 like Google, Yahoo, Microsoft Bing, or DuckDuckGo.  
 Searching is such an integral part  
 of being on the web that all modern web browsers  
 have web searching built in.  
 For example, to perform a search,  
 I could go to bing.com  
 here in my Microsoft Edge browser,  
 and I could type the term I'm searching for  
 in the search field here.  
 But Bing is also the default search engine in Edge,  
 and almost all browsers allow you to set  
 the default search engine you want to use.  
 So for example,  
 if I wanted to search for information  
 about Yosemite National Park,  
 I can type that right into the address bar,  
 regardless of whether I'm on bing.com or not.  
 Notice as I type,  
 If I see the one I want,  
 I can just click it.  
 Otherwise I could have kept typing  
 and pressed enter to search.  
 And now I'm looking at my search results on Bing.  
 Each search result is a link that will take me to the page  
 or website that Bing has found.  
 To help me determine  
 if the page includes the information I'm looking for,  
 most of the results also have a few excerpts of text  
 from those pages and some images.  
 For example, here's the Wikipedia page  
 for Yosemite National Park,  
 which I might want to read to learn a little bit more  
 about the history of the park.  
 So clicking that link takes me to the website,  
 and as you can see in the address bar,  
 I'm now viewing Wikipedia.  
 If this isn't what I was looking for,  
 or if I just want to browse other pages Bing found,  
 I can click the back button  
 to go back to the previous page of results.  
 Notice that in addition to web pages,  
 there's plenty of information here too.  
 I can click about and see a summary about the park,  
 I can get directions from my current location  
 to Yosemite, and I can visit the official website  
 using the website button here.  
 And as you saw when I scrolled down,  
 we can find news and photos related to Yosemite.  
 If I scroll back up,  
 to just images of Yosemite or videos of Yosemite,  
 as well as maps, news, and even shopping pages  
 where I could find products related to Yosemite  
 that I can purchase.  
 Let's say I'm looking for photos right now.  
 I'll click images.  
 And just like that, I see the results.  
 As I roll over each image,  
 I see information about the source of the images.  
 Many of these appear to be from articles about Yosemite.  
 And clicking an image allows me to see it at a larger size,  
 and I can click the arrows here  
 to browse through my results this way.  
 I'll click the X button here  
 to see the smaller images again.  
 Notice at the top of the image results,  
 we see a row of suggestions that may help you narrow down  
 the type of image you're searching for.  
 So maybe instead of searching  
 for general photos of Yosemite,  
 I want to search for photos of winter in the park.  
 And there we are.  
 So this has been a quick look  
 at how most modern search engines make it easier to find  
 the information and other content  
 you're looking for on the web.  
 

