 - [Instructor] If you use the internet,  
 you should be aware of your digital footprint.  
 Just like physical footprints on a dirt path  
 that show where someone has been walking,  
 your digital footprint is the history  
 of all of your online activity.  
 Any social media posts you make, any websites you visit,  
 and any information you share online  
 contributes to your digital footprint.  
 Now, your digital footprint isn't a single item,  
 it's more of the impression and profile  
 that people can build about you  
 by viewing and following what you've done online  
 across various websites and other online services.  
 The thing to keep in mind  
 is that once you post something online,  
 you have no guarantee that it can be erased.  
 If you post something on social media  
 and then delete it from your account,  
 other people may have already seen it,  
 or they might have taken a screenshot of it.  
 So the posts and activity  
 that contribute to your digital footprint can last forever.  
 Now, this can be a good thing if your digital footprint  
 includes things that give you a positive reputation online  
 and help you build your personal brand.  
 Your online history can also help the apps you use  
 to know more about you.  
 They can use this information to serve you better  
 by adjusting to the things you like and your daily habits.  
 But they can also use this information in the wrong way  
 and share it with others.  
 Keep the following tips in mind when you go online  
 to manage your digital footprint.  
 First, know what your footprint says about you.  
 People who search for you online  
 will make judgements about you based on what they find.  
 This can include employers when you apply for a job,  
 or recruiters when you apply for academic programs.  
 It's important to know  
 and how your information is being used.  
 To see what your personal brand is online,  
 you can search for yourself.  
 Search for your name in a search engine  
 and see what results are displayed.  
 If these results don't show you what you want,  
 think about what you share online  
 and what information you allow other people to see.  
 Secondly, actively manage your privacy settings.  
 You can modify the privacy settings  
 of most of the social media sites  
 and online applications you use.  
 This can help you control who sees what you share  
 and what information shows up  
 when someone searches for you online.  
 Third, manage your cookies.  
 Cookies are notes given to your web browser  
 as you browse the web.  
 These cookies help apps track information that they need  
 while you're using the app.  
 This can help the app work better for you.  
 But this data also contributes to your digital footprint  
 as it allows other sites to gain information  
 about the sites you visit and your interests.  
 You can use the settings in your web browser  
 to limit or block the use of cookies on certain websites.  
 And fourth, think before you share.  
 Behave like once you share something online,  
 you can't take it back, because that's often the case.  
 Make sure you're okay with something  
 being part of your public persona before you share it  
 because your digital footprint can live indefinitely online.  
 So keep these tips in mind to make sure you're happy  
 with your digital footprint and how it's used.  
 

