 - [Instructor] These days, buying products  
 and services online is pretty easy in most cases  
 but it can be a little tricky or even scary  
 if you haven't done it before or very often.  
 There are lots of reasons to make online purchases.  
 You might be physically far away from a credible seller  
 of something you want or maybe you just want to be able  
 to browse a variety of stores at the same time  
 to find the best options or prices.  
 Whatever the reason, online shopping allows you to make  
 your decisions and purchases quickly and easily  
 from your computer.  
 Before going on a website to make a purchase,  
 it's generally a good idea to know what product  
 you're looking for and where you might purchase it  
 because there are many platforms and sellers  
 to purchase from online.  
 It can help to do some online research to find content  
 that can help you decide where to purchase the product  
 you're looking for.  
 You can do this by typing the product's name  
 into the browser search bar, followed by the word review.  
 So for example, maybe I'm interested in finding out  
 about the Microsoft Surface tablet.  
 So I could type Surface tablet review.  
 This can lead you to reviews that are written by others  
 who have purchased the product or service you're looking for  
 as well as reviews written by professional  
 and trusted sources.  
 Combined, these reviews can help you decide if a product  
 or service is reliable and a good fit for your needs.  
 Once you've determined the product you want to buy  
 and identified a reliable seller,  
 it's time to make the purchase.  
 Many e-commerce websites make it easy to browse products  
 using categories or to search for specific products  
 using a search bar or to compare similar items.  
 If the product you're looking for has available options  
 like different configurations, colors, or features,  
 you'll find links to manage your preferences.  
 When you're ready to purchase a product,  
 look for a button that's usually labeled buy now  
 or add to cart or something similar.  
 Just like a physical cart at a physical store,  
 an online shopping cart keeps tracks of products  
 you intend to buy from that site.  
 So for example, maybe I decided I also  
 want to purchase this mouse.  
 I'll click add to cart.  
 And if I scroll back up, you can see I now have two items  
 in my cart.  
 You'll always have the chance to add or remove items  
 from your cart before you make your purchase.  
 So if I change my mind, I can just click remove.  
 And that takes it out of the cart.  
 Once you've added the products you want,  
 you're ready to check out.  
 Depending on the shopping website you're using,  
 you may be required to create an account  
 before completing your purchase.  
 As always, be cautious when sharing your information  
 to create an account.  
 Never share personal information other than the shipping  
 and billing information required to make your purchase.  
 And look in the address bar of the website  
 for this lock icon.  
 That indicates that the site is encrypted and secure.  
 This means that only the company will be able to view  
 the information you're sending.  
 If you don't see any indication of site security,  
 don't enter any information and consider making  
 your purchase on a different website  
 that carries the same products.  
 Additionally, it's not a good idea to make purchases  
 while using a public Wi-Fi network.  
 If possible, wait until you're on your home network  
 to make your purchases.  
 If you have an account with the website you're using,  
 you can still browse the site while on a public network.  
 And the items you add to your cart will often remain there  
 when you log into your site again from home  
 to complete your purchase.  
 And after completing your purchase, which involves  
 entering your name, email address, shipping information,  
 and payment info like your credit card number,  
 you should receive an email confirming your purchase.  
 Many sites let you then track your order so you can monitor  
 its progress to your location.  
 So that's the basic rundown of making online purchases.  
 When done properly, it can be a convenient way to research  
 and buy products from your computer.  
 

