 - [Instructor] Search engines are designed to provide you  
 with the best results that are most likely relevant  
 to your search word or phrase.  
 They can't always accurately predict  
 what you're looking for but there are some techniques  
 you can use to make it more likely you'll find what you need  
 in the search results.  
 I'm using the Bing search engine, which is the default  
 search engine here in Microsoft Edge but these rules apply  
 for nearly all search engines.  
 First of all, there's no need to enter long sentences  
 or phrases for your search.  
 So don't type something like how do I bake a chocolate cake.  
 instead, just type chocolate cake.  
 And as you can see, those two words give me results  
 for different recipes, photos of cakes, video lessons  
 on how to bake chocolate cakes, and so on.  
 For many types of searches, Bing and other search engines  
 will offer search suggestions that can help you get  
 to popular results more quickly.  
 So for example, I want to find out what the weather  
 in San Francisco is like right now.  
 So I'll come back up to the address bar  
 and start typing San Francisco.  
 And as I type, several search suggestions appear  
 below the search field.  
 If you see the search term you want to use,  
 instead of typing out the rest of it,  
 just use your mouse to click the suggestion.  
 And that quickly shows me the forecast for San Francisco  
 as the top search result.  
 Let's look at another example.  
 I'm looking for a song I heard but I only remember  
 a small portion of the lyrics.  
 I'll type those lyrics, plans get in the way,  
 followed by the word lyrics.  
 To narrow down the results, I'll put quotes  
 around the lyrics, followed by lyrics again.  
 And that will find me lyrics that only have those words  
 in that order.  
 And in the results, I can see that that phrase is in bold  
 for each link, letting me quickly read through to see  
 if I recognize the song I'm looking for.  
 You can also take advantage of Bing's  
 search engine smart features.  
 For example, I'll type square root of 144.  
 And that not only gives me the correct answer  
 but this is actually a real working calculator.  
 So I can perform other calculations right from here.  
 And below that, I can find other search results  
 related to my original search about square roots.  
 Another smart feature is the language translation.  
 I can type something like say hello in French.  
 And the first result gives me a direct translation.  
 And like the calculator, this is a live tool.  
 So I can type in other words and select  
 other languages to translate.  
 Or maybe I want to see how to say that in German.  
 And there it is.  
 So there you have several tips for getting more effective  
 and useful results from your searches more quickly.  
 

