 - [Instructor] When working on a document with your team,  
 you don't have to call a meeting every time  
 you need to share notes or comments with each other.  
 With Microsoft Word, you and your team members  
 can add comments directly to the document  
 for everyone to see and review.  
 This allows everyone to share feedback  
 and collaborate in one place, the document itself.  
 To make a comment, place your cursor at the location  
 in the document where you want the comment to appear.  
 For example, I'll place my cursor  
 next to this logo at the top of the page.  
 Then I'll go to the Review tab of the ribbon.  
 And from here, I'll click New Comment.  
 You can see it draws a line from where my cursor was  
 over here to the side, and I can type my comment.  
 So it's that easy.  
 You can also highlight specific words or phrases  
 to apply your comments to so it's clear  
 what you're commenting on.  
 For example, I noticed that the name of the hotel founder  
 is misspelled a few times in this document.  
 So I'll highlight one of those misspellings,  
 and this time, I'll right-click on that  
 and choose New Comment.  
 And now I can type my comment just like before.  
 You can also read and respond to comments left by others.  
 If I scroll down a bit,  
 notice here we have a comment left by Jake.  
 When I roll over it, I can click Reply  
 and start a conversation thread on this particular comment.  
 You can also click Resolve when an issue has been addressed.  
 That grays out the comment  
 so others can see that it's been handled.  
 But they can still read and review the comment thread  
 if they need to.  
 If you want to remove a comment entirely  
 from the document, you can use the Delete button  
 here in the Review tab.  
 If you want to hide comments from view  
 without deleting them,  
 toggle them with the Show Comments button.  
 You can see that hides all of my comments,  
 and now I just see these little comment icons  
 indicating where they are in the document.  
 I can click on them to read them.  
 And if I want to see them again,  
 I can just click Show Comments.  
 So as you can see,  
 comments are a useful tool for collaborating  
 and sharing feedback on a document with others.  
 

