 - [Narrator] There are a lot of positive things  
 we can do online.  
 We can talk to friends and family,  
 we can make purchases and conduct business  
 all from behind our computers or mobile devices.  
 But online interactions aren't always safe.  
 There are always inherent risks in being active online,  
 so it's important to be aware  
 of the common scams that are out there.  
 One such scam is phishing.  
 Your personal information is a valuable asset  
 to people who want to steal it in order to sell it to others  
 or to impersonate you online  
 in order to access your various accounts.  
 Much like a common method for catching fish is  
 to put bait on a hook so the fish will want to eat it,  
 phishers have many different types of bait they use  
 to try to fool people into sharing information  
 like their passwords, credit card information,  
 and other private data.  
 They may send you an email or an instant message  
 through a social media site  
 or an online game you're playing.  
 They may pretend to be someone else  
 or make it look like they're an employee of a site you use  
 like a bank or your internet service provider  
 and ask you to click links to complete a task  
 under the guise of protecting your information  
 or making you think you're in some kind of trouble.  
 If you click their links or give them information,  
 they've hooked you like a fish.  
 So let's take a look at four practices  
 you can follow to avoid being hooked by these scammers.  
 First, be cautious of suspicious messages.  
 Scammers try to make their messages look official  
 and familiar to make you trust them,  
 often asking for you to confirm personal information  
 or account passwords.  
 Examine messages carefully  
 and avoid sharing information over messages or email.  
 If you receive a message claiming to be  
 from a company you've shopped  
 with in the past asking you to reply  
 with a password or other information, don't do it.  
 Instead, go to that company's website directly  
 from your browser and log into your account.  
 If they really need information from you,  
 you'll most likely see a message when you log in.  
 Alternately, call the company's  
 customer service line yourself.  
 Second, look for signs that a webpage is safe and secure.  
 Before you provide credit card information  
 or enter a password or other personal info,  
 take a look at the address bar in your browser  
 and make sure you either see a lock icon  
 or that the web address starts with HTTPS, not just HTTP.  
 The lock and HTTPS indicate  
 that the site is secure and encrypted,  
 so it's highly unlikely your information can be intercepted.  
 On top of that, make sure you're on the right webpage.  
 Scammers sometimes set up websites with addresses  
 very close to legitimate sites  
 and even design their scam sites  
 to look like those legitimate sites.  
 Oftentimes they'll misspell the company's name  
 or use a different domain address.  
 For example, they might have registered a dot net version  
 of a company's dot com address.  
 Always check the address to make sure you're  
 on the right page.  
 Third, keep your web browser  
 and operating system up-to-date.  
 You can turn on automatic updates  
 to make sure the latest software releases  
 are automatically installed on your computer,  
 which means you'll always receive  
 the latest security updates that help protect your computer.  
 And fourth, consider installing anti-malware software  
 on your computer.  
 This is special software designed to protect your computer  
 from malicious software and hackers.  
 Sometimes scammers trick people  
 into installing what looks like legitimate software,  
 but turns out to be software that tracks and steals data.  
 Anti-malware software can identify these malicious programs  
 and delete them from your computer.  
 Again, with all of its benefits,  
 there are still always risks to being online.  
 So you'll always want to stay vigilant and cautious  
 to protect yourself from phishing scams.  
 

