 - The internet makes it possible for us to stay in touch  
 with our friends, family, and colleagues online.  
 Communication can happen in real-time  
 with apps and services that make it easy  
 to chat through instant messaging,  
 voice calling and video calls.  
 Instant messaging is a text-based form of communication,  
 where you can type messages on your computer  
 or mobile device to send to people  
 who can then instantly read and respond to your messages  
 on their devices.  
 Voice calling over the internet  
 is similar to traditional phone calls,  
 only instead of using a landline or mobile phone,  
 you place your call over the internet using an app.  
 And video calling is like a voice call,  
 but where you and the people you're calling  
 can hear and see each other.  
 Which of these three forms of communication you use  
 depends on what you determine is appropriate at the time.  
 If you just need to ask a quick question,  
 but don't necessarily need an immediate response,  
 you can send an instant message.  
 Your recipients can then respond when they have a moment.  
 If you need a more immediate reply,  
 you can try a voice call.  
 And video-based calls can make it easier  
 to have certain conversations because you can see each other  
 and read the expressions on each caller's face.  
 In many cases, there are apps that allow you to use  
 all three of these forms of communication  
 while other apps focus specifically on one or two types.  
 Apple FaceTime, for example,  
 allows you to make voice and video calls,  
 but you use a separate Apple app called iMessage  
 for instant messaging.  
 Another example is WhatsApp,  
 which is an app that lets you send messages  
 and voice and video chat as well.  
 And there's also Skype,  
 which in addition to instant messages  
 and voice and video chatting is also one of the few apps  
 through which you can call phone numbers,  
 letting you make both domestic and international calls  
 from your computer or mobile phone.  
 In this chapter, we'll look more closely  
 at communicating using Skype.  
 

