 - [Instructor] On your computer, your web browser  
 is the software you need in order to access  
 and interact with the content on the web.  
 Most operating systems come with at least one  
 built in web browser application.  
 For example, Mac OS computers include the Safari browser  
 and Windows 10 includes Microsoft Edge  
 but there are several other browsers  
 on the market to choose from including Google Chrome  
 and Mozilla Firefox.  
 At the most basic level, all browsers allow you to access  
 websites, download files, images, and videos  
 on websites and so on.  
 Browsers mainly vary in the features they include  
 but these days most browsers have very similar features.  
 Here we'll take a look at browsing the web  
 with Microsoft Edge, but you'll be able to use  
 other modern browsers in mostly the same away.  
 I'll open up Microsoft Edge and there it is.  
 To access a website, we enter the URL or address  
 of the site into the address bar at the top of the window.  
 The browser loads the webpage and it's displayed  
 in the main part of the window.  
 We can use the scroll bar to scroll down the page  
 to view it and to interact with all the elements  
 on the page.  
 White pages usually contain hyperlinks,  
 often just called links, that point to other pages  
 on the website or to entirely different websites.  
 You can often tell if text is a hyperlink  
 by its appearance.  
 It's usually a different color from the surrounding text  
 like we see here, or it becomes underlined or already  
 is underlined, or it's just visually different  
 in some other way.  
 Alternately, if you place your mouse over text  
 or an image and the cursor turns into a hand  
 with a pointing finger, that indicates  
 the item is a clickable link.  
 You'll also see the address that clicking the link  
 will take you to there in the lower left hand corner  
 and if I click that link I'll go to that page.  
 And now we're looking at the webpage that was linked  
 from the previous page and we can start browsing this page.  
 If necessary, you can go back to the previous page  
 by clicking the back button in the browser.  
 Similarly, you can click the forward button  
 to view that link page again.  
 Although it's easy to move back and forth  
 between pages like this, there are often times  
 when you need to reference multiple webpages  
 at the same time and going back and forth can get tedious.  
 A solution is to use tabs which are a feature  
 of web browsers which allow you to open multiple  
 webpages at the same time in the same browser window.  
 For example, maybe I'm searching for Microsoft Surface  
 tablets, I'll click that link, and as you can see  
 there are many different models to choose from here.  
 Clicking one of these takes me to the page  
 about that model and then I need to click the back button  
 to go back to the links to look at the other models.  
 To save time, I'm going to right click on the link  
 and choose open link in new tab.  
 In this particular browser, that opens a new tab  
 here in the background and you can see  
 the title of the page here.  
 In some web browsers, depending on your settings,  
 the new tab may open in the front, but in either case  
 you can switch back and forth between tabs  
 just by clicking on them.  
 So now I can right click on the links for the other  
 product versions I'm interested in  
 and open them in new tabs as well.  
 And once I've done that I can now switch among  
 all the tabs to do my research.  
 You can also open the web pages in new windows  
 by right clicking and choosing open link in new window.  
 Opening links in new windows can help you stay organized  
 by grouping related tabs in their own window  
 and opening unrelated tabs in other windows,  
 but that's a matter of personal preference.  
 But because these are separate windows, I can move  
 this one slightly out of the way and still see  
 the other window here in the background  
 and I can switch to that if I needed to.  
 You can always keep track of the web pages you visit  
 by using the history feature of the browser.  
 In Edge, click the three dot button here  
 in the upper right hand corner  
 and roll your mouse over history  
 and from here I can choose manage history  
 to see a list of the web pages I visited,  
 organized by date.  
 You have the option to clear web pages from your history  
 whenever you like, which you can do by clicking  
 clear browsing data and here I can choose  
 to clear the browsing history from the last 24 hours,  
 the last hour, the last seven days, the last four weeks  
 and all of my browsing history.  
 I'll leave that as is for now though.  
 Again, you'll find all the features we've seen here  
 in Microsoft Edge in other browsers as well,  
 but they may be located in different places.  
 But once you familiarize yourself with your preferred  
 browser, you'll find these features make it easy  
 to browse the web.  
 

