 - To access information and to communicate  
 with others online, you first need to connect  
 to the internet.  
 This is also known as getting online.  
 To do this you need an internet capable device  
 to connect to a network.  
 These devices include desktop and laptop computers,  
 mobile phones and tablets.  
 Nearly all modern devices in these categories  
 have the ability to connect to networks to get online.  
 Essentially, the internet is made up of a set of networks  
 that are connected to each other all across the world  
 and you get online and on the internet  
 by connecting to one of these networks.  
 Oftentimes you'll be connecting to a network  
 that's been set up in your home or place of work.  
 Depending on the device you're using,  
 you can connect the networks in different ways.  
 For example, if you're using a desktop computer,  
 you may have a wired connection to your network  
 for internet access.  
 Many laptop computers also have ports  
 to support a wired connection as well.  
 For a wired connection, you'll use a cable  
 called an ethernet cable to connect your computer  
 to your network device, often called a router.  
 Most laptop computers also have the ability to connect  
 to wifi networks, which is a wireless form of connection,  
 so you can choose between a wired and wireless connection  
 from most laptops.  
 When using portable devices like mobile phones and tablets,  
 you'll also typically connect to your network via wifi.  
 If your mobile phone or tablet has a data plan  
 through your mobile provider, you can also connect  
 to the internet wirelessly over cellular signals  
 when wifi isn't available.  
 This is referred to as mobile broadband.  
 When you're on the go though, connecting to wifi networks  
 is generally the best option as many mobile providers  
 limit the amount of data you can transfer  
 over mobile broadband and may charge extra fees  
 for going over your limit.  
 Publicly available wifi networks are also available  
 in places like airports, hotels,  
 shopping centers, and restaurants.  
 Oftentimes public wifi networks are password protected,  
 which is a method for securing the network  
 from being accessed by just anyone.  
 For example, a coffee shop may decide to only share  
 the password to their wifi network with customers.  
 Similarly, the wifi network you may have set up in your home  
 should also be password protected to prevent people  
 from outside your household from connecting to it.  
 Home networks are usually set up  
 by your internet service provider or ISP.  
 Your ISP sets you up with a modem  
 for creating the connection from your home to the internet  
 and often the service includes a router  
 which allows multiple computers and devices  
 to connect to the internet at the same time,  
 either wired or wirelessly.  
 For the most part, getting online is quick and easy  
 as long as you have an available network to connect to.  
 

