 - [Instructor] Most email programs  
 let you create and save the contact information  
 of the people you communicate with.  
 This makes it easy to not only send emails to them  
 without having to look up their information each time,  
 but you can also save  
 other important information about your contacts  
 that can easily be looked up or referenced at any time.  
 A contact can be as basic as a name and email address  
 or include information like a street address,  
 multiple phone numbers, a photo,  
 or any other relevant notes.  
 Here in Microsoft Outlook,  
 you can add contacts in a couple of different ways.  
 If you received an email message from someone  
 and you want to add them to your contacts,  
 right-click on their email address  
 and choose Add to Outlook Contacts.  
 In the window that opens, you'll see any details  
 that Outlook was able to pull from the email  
 already filled in here.  
 So we have the full name and email address.  
 If you have any other info you can fill in other fields,  
 like the company this person works for, their title,  
 a web page associated with them, phone numbers,  
 and if you have a photo of them,  
 you can add it by clicking this icon here.  
 You can also use this Notes area  
 for any other info you may want to remember,  
 for example, their birthday or the name of their spouse.  
 When you're done, click Save & Close.  
 And the next time  
 you want to send an email to this contact,  
 just click New Email, start typing their name,  
 and you'll be able to select them  
 from Outlook's suggestions.  
 I'll just close this for now.  
 Now you can also add contacts from scratch,  
 for example, if someone gives you their business card  
 and you want to file their contact info in Outlook.  
 Just click the People icon here at the bottom of the window  
 and this is where you'll find your existing contacts.  
 Click the New Contact button here at the top,  
 and from here enter any relevant information.  
 So I can type in Jess' name, her job title,  
 her email address.  
 If I have a photo of her, I can click the photo,  
 and there's her headshot so I'll select that.  
 And I can even add some notes.  
 And, again, when I'm done, I can click Save & Close.  
 And the next time I need to send an email to Jess,  
 I can just click New Email, start typing her name,  
 there she is,  
 and the To field is now filled out.  
 So that's how to add contacts to your Microsoft Outlook.  
 

