 - With the way a lot of work gets done today,  
 it's important to know how to collaborate with others  
 using digital tools online.  
 With Microsoft Word, you can share your document with others  
 so they can view, comment on,  
 or coauthor the contents with you.  
 This allows everyone to work on the same document  
 instead of multiple copies of the document,  
 so you never have to worry about changes or edits  
 appearing in some copies, but not in others.  
 When you share a Word document for collaboration,  
 everyone can work on and see changes at the same time.  
 To share a document, open it in Word,  
 and then click the Share button.  
 From here, you'll save it to your OneDrive account.  
 This places the document in the cloud  
 so it can be easily accessed  
 by everyone who needs to work on it.  
 Next you'll determine the permissions for the file.  
 Notice, by default it says  
 anyone with the link can edit this file.  
 If you need to share a document with people,  
 but you only want them to be able to read it,  
 you can click here and uncheck Allow Editing.  
 Additionally, you can set an expiration date  
 so the document won't be able to be accessed  
 after the specified date,  
 and you can also password protect the document  
 so only people you share the password with  
 will be able to open the document.  
 I'm going to click Cancel for now,  
 because I do want to allow editing,  
 and I don't need to set an expiration date or password.  
 Next you'll enter the email addresses  
 of the people you want to share the document with.  
 I'm going to share this with my colleague, Jade.  
 Her name and email appears here, so I'll select it.  
 And you can share it with as many people as you like.  
 And you can add a message to explain  
 why you're sharing the document.  
 Then click Send.  
 Microsoft will send an email  
 that includes a link to the document to your recipients.  
 Let's see what this looks like  
 I'm actually logged into Jade's email here,  
 and here's the email from Microsoft,  
 and here she can click Open  
 to open the document in Word Online.  
 To edit the document, she clicks Edit Document,  
 and she'll have the choice  
 of editing it here in Word Online,  
 or she can use the desktop version of Word  
 if it's installed on her computer.  
 Let's choose to edit it in Word Online.  
 The great thing about collaborating this way  
 is that everyone can see the changes  
 everyone else is making in real time.  
 So if Jade adds some text to this document,  
 and I switch back to my copy of the document  
 here in Word on my computer, I can see that change.  
 And I can see exactly where Jade is working on the document,  
 which is indicated by this colored cursor here.  
 If I roll my mouse over it, I can see her name.  
 This is especially useful if there are  
 multiple people working on the same document.  
 You can see where everybody is working  
 in that particular document at once.  
 Also, everyone's changes are automatically saved,  
 so everyone else is always working on  
 the most up-to-date version of the document.  
 And that's how to share  
 and collaborate on a document in Word.  
 

