 - [Instructor] A big part of staying safe  
 and keeping your information private online  
 is protecting your information,  
 your accounts, and your computer, by using strong passwords.  
 A strong password is like a strong lock for your home.  
 You want a lock that is hard to break,  
 and you don't want anyone else finding the key to your lock.  
 Here's some tips for creating a strong password.  
 Use a combination of letters, numbers,  
 and symbols in your password.  
 Using a combination of uppercase and lowercase letters  
 and characters and adding numbers can improve the strength  
 of your password.  
 Avoid using common words in your password.  
 This includes common words  
 and phrases like password or website,  
 as well as personal keywords  
 that might be easily guessed like your birthday,  
 your name, or your hometown.  
 Hackers can easily guess  
 or research these phrases in your password.  
 So a unique combination of characters  
 and numbers creates a stronger password.  
 For example, let's say I wanted  
 to use the word penguin as my password.  
 That's way too common a word.  
 So one trick is to think of ways  
 to obscure the word you want to use,  
 but still make sure you can remember it  
 when it's time to enter your password.  
 Let's say that the year 1972 is personally important to me,  
 but it's not an obvious year like my birth year  
 that could be easily guessed by others.  
 So I might come up with a password like this,  
 where I placed penguin between the digits of the year  
 and capitalize two of its letters.  
 And then I add a symbol at the end  
 to make it that much more difficult to guess.  
 This is much safer  
 than just using the word penguin by itself,  
 and it's a password I can remember without writing down.  
 You can come up with your own strategy  
 for creating passwords with the methods similar to this.  
 Now, with that said,  
 don't use the same password for multiple sites.  
 Instead use different passwords for different accounts,  
 because if someone guesses your email password,  
 your safety and privacy may be in trouble  
 if you use the same password for your bank account.  
 Be sure to use different passwords  
 for each online account you have.  
 And your password is only for you.  
 When you share it with others, even friends and family,  
 it's more likely that someone else will use it  
 or won't keep it safe.  
 Keep your passwords to yourself.  
 When you log in to accounts, make sure you log out  
 when you're done and don't save your login information  
 on a public computer.  
 And as a general rule,  
 you should avoid doing personal business  
 on public computers and public networks  
 as this makes it easier for hackers  
 to access your information.  
 Remember, using strong passwords  
 and keeping them secure is important  
 for your online safety and privacy.  
 Keep these tips in mind when you create a new password.  
 

