 - [Instructor] There are several types of media  
 that many of us come across on a daily basis.  
 These include traditional media like newspapers, magazines,  
 books, TV, and radio,  
 but also relatively newer forms of media,  
 like email, web articles, social media posts,  
 and a lot more.  
 We're constantly being inundated by media  
 that wants our attention.  
 It's easy to become overwhelmed by the flow of information,  
 if we don't develop the skills to navigate our way  
 through the ocean of information that surrounds us everyday  
 and learn to evaluate information with a critical eye.  
 Each year companies spend large sums of money  
 on internet advertising,  
 to the point where the line between information  
 and advertisements becomes blurred.  
 Other media can be filled with the attitudes  
 and opinions of others,  
 while other forms of media hide their message  
 under the surface of what we see and hear.  
 So it's important to develop media literacy  
 in order to avoid just passively accepting all messages  
 and instead learn to think carefully and critically  
 about the media we consume.  
 Here are five basic questions you can ask  
 when you encounter new information  
 and once you determine its accuracy and reliability.  
 Question one, who created the message?  
 Knowing who created the message,  
 may give you some insight in their purposes for doing so.  
 Was it to sell you something, to promote something  
 or was it to genuinely share information?  
 It's difficult to have a completely unbiased perspective,  
 but it's important to determine if the bias outweighs  
 or influences the information  
 and asking who created the message  
 can help give you the distance to see the information  
 being presented more clearly.  
 Question two, what techniques are being used  
 to capture your attention?  
 Is information being presented in a colorful video  
 with happy music?  
 Is it being delivered in ominous tones  
 with sensationalist phrasing?  
 The way the message is being presented  
 can have a big influence  
 on how you perceive that information.  
 Question three, how might different people  
 interpret this message?  
 We all consume information a little differently,  
 and it's important to step outside our own perspective  
 to explore multiple viewpoints.  
 Some information you come across may not take into account  
 the perspective and experience of others.  
 Question four is what's being left out of the message?  
 What points of view lifestyles or values  
 are being expressed in or alternately left out  
 of the message?  
 When making a message,  
 the author makes choices about what to keep in  
 and what to leave out.  
 And these choices  
 can reflect the author's values and attitudes.  
 Are certain perspectives being deliberately left out  
 of the message to influence your opinion?  
 And question five, why is this message being sent?  
 The purpose of this question is to examine the motivation  
 of sending the message in the first place.  
 It goes beyond the idea  
 that media is just there to entertain and inform  
 and asks who benefits from this message?  
 These five questions are not the only questions  
 you can and should ask when evaluating media,  
 but they can provide the necessary foundation  
 to start thinking critically  
 about the media we engage with every day.  
 

