 - [Presenter] The internet and the web make it possible  
 for us to stay connected with friends  
 and family across the world.  
 We can use social media and other platforms  
 to see what's happening in our friends' lives,  
 share personal news and stay in touch with others.  
 But sharing things online isn't always safe.  
 Things you intend to only be shared with friends  
 could be found and viewed by strangers  
 in any number of ways.  
 For example, imagine you've bought a new car,  
 and you want your friends to see it,  
 so you post a picture on social media.  
 That might seem fine, but that picture  
 includes a lot of personal information about you.  
 It tells anyone who sees it what make  
 and model of car you have.  
 Some people use their car's make and model as passwords.  
 If you're one of those people,  
 you've just potentially shared your password,  
 or maybe part of your password.  
 If the photo includes your license plate,  
 anyone can see the license plate number  
 and learn what state you live in.  
 These might seem like minor things,  
 but the more you share, or inadvertently share,  
 the easier it is for someone to learn information about you  
 and build a profile about you, your likes and dislikes,  
 where you work, how much you earn and so on.  
 Now, this doesn't mean you should never post  
 or share anything to social media,  
 but it's important to keep safety and privacy  
 as a top concern when you share things online.  
 Be sure to review the privacy settings  
 of your social media accounts.  
 If your account is set to public,  
 anyone can see your information and what your share.  
 Instead, you should use the private settings on accounts,  
 so that only your personal connections  
 can see what you share.  
 You should also be selective about accepting invitations  
 to connect with people on social media.  
 Most social media platforms have a way for you to accept  
 and deny requests to have someone be your friend  
 or a follower on the site.  
 Think about whether you know the person in real life  
 and if you're comfortable  
 with them seeing everything you post on that site.  
 Usually once you accept someone,  
 they have direct access to your profile  
 and the things you share.  
 So make sure you only interact  
 with people you know and trust.  
 Bear in mind that even when you can control  
 who has access to your profiles and accounts,  
 you can't control what other people do  
 with your information.  
 Even your friends could download your photos  
 or copy what you've written to share with others.  
 As a general rule, never share something online  
 that you wouldn't want strangers and the public to see.  
 And always remember to think before you share.  
 Do you really need to post what you're thinking of posting?  
 Are you posting emotionally,  
 and will you regret posting it later?  
 Keep your safety in mind and make smart choices  
 when sharing things online.  
 

