 - [Instructor] Microsoft Word's ability  
 to track changes allows you to freely make edits  
 to a document and your collaborators will be able to see  
 exactly what changes you made.  
 Start by going to the Review tab  
 and here click Track Changes.  
 With that enabled, Word will track any changes  
 you or anyone else makes to the document.  
 So for example, I might highlight some text here  
 and make that bold.  
 I see a misspelling down here, which I'll fix,  
 changing that A to an O.  
 And maybe down here I will create a new paragraph.  
 To review changes made to the document,  
 you can come back to the Review tab  
 and notice here we have this menu  
 that's currently set to Simple Markup.  
 We have several options here.  
 The Simple Markup option indicates  
 where changes have been made with a red line in the margin.  
 So you might've noticed that as I made my changes,  
 these red lines appeared.  
 All Markup shows the edits with a blue highlight,  
 and you can actually see the changes here in the document.  
 Now, in this first case at the top,  
 you can see that the change  
 is that the font was changed to bold.  
 Down here you can see that the A was deleted  
 and the O was typed in its place.  
 And here we can see another line  
 indicating a paragraph break.  
 There's also the option here of No Markup,  
 which hides all the markups  
 and shows you what the changes will look like  
 in the document.  
 And Original shows the document in its original form  
 without the changes,  
 which can be useful for comparing the original  
 with the edited version.  
 Additionally, when you're viewing an option  
 that displays the markups,  
 you can use the Show Markup menu here  
 to specify which types of revisions you want to see.  
 So for example,  
 you could uncheck everything but that option.  
 And now you can see, I'm only seeing the change here,  
 where I changed this text to bold,  
 but if I want to see the other changes  
 I can add Insert and Deletions back,  
 and if I have comments, I can see those as well.  
 So, that's how to track changes to documents in Word.  
 

