 - [Instructor] You can use Outlook to keep track  
 of your personal appointments  
 as well as schedule meetings with other people.  
 In Outlook, switch to the calendar view  
 by clicking this icon in the navigation area  
 at the bottom of the window.  
 I'm currently viewing my calendar by the month,  
 but you can click the options in the ribbon  
 under the Home tab to also be your calendar by day,  
 the workweek, or the entire week as well.  
 I'll switch back to the month view for now.  
 Start by selecting the date of the appointment  
 or meeting you want to add to your calendar.  
 Then, you can click New Appointment or New Meeting.  
 The difference between an appointment  
 and a meeting is that you can invite others to meetings  
 and appointments are generally events  
 you'll attend on your own or without inviting others.  
 I'll choose New Appointment.  
 Here, enter the title of your appointment,  
 and because we selected the date first,  
 it should already be filled out correctly  
 in the start time area,  
 but you can change it here if necessary.  
 Then, select the time of the appointment  
 and then, enter the end time  
 to block off that time on your calendar.  
 You can also select All day to designate  
 the appointment as an all day event,  
 rather than taking place at a specific time.  
 I'll uncheck that for now, and then, click Save & Close.  
 And now, that appointment is on my calendar.  
 Adding a meeting is very similar.  
 Just click the date of the meeting  
 and then, click New Meeting.  
 Again, enter a title.  
 In the Required area, you'll add the names of people  
 who are required to attend this meeting.  
 If you've previously created a contact group,  
 you can type the group's name here.  
 You can also enter the contact info for people  
 for whom the meeting is optional.  
 If necessary, you can add other details like the location.  
 Then, click Send.  
 That adds the appointment to your calendar  
 and also emails the meeting invite  
 and details to the contacts you added.  
 So that's how to set up appointments  
 and meetings in Outlook.  
 

