 - [Narrator] The internet and social media platforms  
 allow us to connect with our friends, family,  
 and peers in a variety of ways.  
 It's a great way to keep in touch,  
 but sometimes people take advantage of these platforms  
 and use them to spread negative messages about others.  
 Cyberbullying or bullying that takes place on the internet  
 can be just as bad as bullying in person.  
 People can use the internet to send hurtful messages  
 to someone, spread fake rumors  
 or share someone's private information without permission.  
 The results of cyberbullying can be just as impacting  
 as face to face bullying.  
 When someone is cyberbullied,  
 their feelings can be hurt  
 and their reputation can be damaged.  
 You can't always prevent cyberbullying,  
 but you can play a part in making the internet a friendlier  
 and safer place for everyone.  
 Here's some guidelines you can follow  
 to promote civility online.  
 First, simply avoid sending negative messages  
 and participating in behavior that can hurt someone else.  
 Respect differences.  
 When you interact with people online,  
 respect their differences in opinion, experience  
 and culture.  
 Even if you don't agree with something  
 that another person shares online,  
 you should still treat them with respect  
 and make the internet a friendly place  
 for communication and discussion.  
 Think about the consequences of sharing.  
 Before you share or post anything online,  
 always pause and think about the consequences of doing so.  
 Will your message hurts someone else?  
 Will it damage your reputation or the safety  
 or reputation of others?  
 Does it contribute anything constructive  
 to the conversation?  
 If you feel unsafe online,  
 you should feel comfortable to remove yourself  
 from a situation and report it to someone you trust.  
 There is no rule requiring you to engage in conversations  
 or arguments with people online.  
 And when you do see cruel or dangerous activity online,  
 offer to support those involved  
 and report the incident to someone you trust.  
 We can all play a part in being responsible,  
 digital citizens online in making the internet a safe  
 and friendly place for everyone.  
 

