 - [Narrator] To use Skype,  
 you'll need to download the Skype app  
 to your desktop computer or mobile device  
 by going to skype.com,  
 and here you can click the Downloads link.  
 The site should automatically detect  
 the operating system you're using.  
 For example, here I see Get Skype for Windows,  
 so I could click that to download the version  
 for the computer that I'm using.  
 If you're on a Mac, you'll see Get Skype for Mac.  
 If you want to install Skype on your phone or tablet,  
 visit the App Store on Apple iOS devices  
 or the Google Play store for Android devices,  
 and then you can search for and download the Skype app.  
 I've already downloaded and installed Skype  
 here on my Windows computer,  
 and I've pinned it to the taskbar,  
 so I can start it up right from here.  
 So to use Skype, you'll need to log in with your account.  
 If you already have a Microsoft account,  
 you can use that same account to log into Skype.  
 Some ways you might have already created an account  
 are if you have a subscription to Microsoft 365,  
 if you have a Hotmail or Outlook.com email address,  
 or if you have an Xbox Live account.  
 You can use any of these methods to sign into Skype.  
 If you don't yet have a Microsoft account,  
 you can click Create One to create one,  
 and then walk through the steps to create your account.  
 You'll then be able to sign in.  
 In this case, I'll sign in with an account I already have.  
 And I'll enter my password.  
 And once you're signed in,  
 you can start making and receiving calls,  
 sending and receiving instant messages,  
 or you can set your status  
 so people who have you in their contacts list  
 can see your availability.  
 Setting your status can give your contacts a better idea  
 of whether they can expect  
 an immediate or a delayed reply from you  
 when they send you messages.  
 Now, if you want to keep Skype running but hide the app,  
 you can click the X button to close this window.  
 You can see here, though, that Skype is still running,  
 and you'll still receive notifications  
 if anyone messages or calls you.  
 You can bring the main window back at any time  
 by opening up Skype again,  
 either from the taskbar if you have the icon pinned there,  
 or you can do a search for Skype,  
 and open it from here.  
 When you're done using Skype  
 and you want to completely sign out,  
 click this three dot menu, and then choose Sign Out.  
 I'm going to have it remember  
 so I don't have to sign in from scratch  
 each time I want to open up Skype.  
 And now I can close this window.  
 Once you've completely signed out,  
 your contacts will no longer be able  
 to see you online or send you messages.  
 But you can always restart Skype,  
 select your account, and sign in  
 to make yourself available  
 to receive messages and calls again.  
 

