 - Applications are the programs that your computer runs  
 and in which you'll spend most of your time  
 on your computer.  
 Generally, an application is any piece of software  
 used to accomplish a task,  
 whether that task is writing a paper,  
 composing music, editing a digital photo,  
 playing a video game, browsing the web,  
 or checking your email.  
 There are countless applications for countless purposes.  
 Some applications come pre-installed on your computer,  
 like the web browser, Microsoft Edge,  
 and the basic word processor, Word Pad.  
 And you can acquire and use other apps  
 by downloading and installing them  
 from software company's websites,  
 or through services like the Microsoft Store.  
 The same goes for the apps you use on mobile devices,  
 like your phone.  
 Often mobile apps are specialized for use on the go,  
 like navigation apps that help you find directions  
 to different locations,  
 or time management apps that send you notifications  
 reminding you of meetings and appointments.  
 You can get almost any kind of app on your mobile device.  
 For the most part, mobile apps are simpler and less powerful  
 than desktop apps,  
 which are apps designed to run on desktop computers,  
 as well as laptop computers.  
 Desktops and laptops are more powerful than mobile devices  
 and offer more screen space to work.  
 So they're more suited for running apps  
 with more features and complexity.  
 However, you'll find that app developers make both desktop  
 and mobile versions of their applications  
 and they often work well together.  
 For example, you could start drafting a document  
 in Microsoft Word on your phone  
 while you're commuting on a train  
 and then continue working on it  
 from the desktop version of word when you arrive home.  
 These days with so many apps available,  
 you can find lots of apps  
 for both desktop and mobile devices  
 that are designed to help you accomplish specific tasks  
 and get work done.  
 

