 - [Instructor] When you first start up your computer,  
 the first thing to load is the operating system.  
 For example, Windows 10 is the most recent version  
 of the Windows operating system that comes pre-installed  
 on many PCs and tablet devices.  
 Here we'll explore the basics of navigating  
 around an operating system using Windows 10,  
 but many of these concepts carry over  
 to other operating systems as well.  
 When you start started the computer,  
 you'll usually see a screen to log into your account  
 on that computer.  
 Generally, it's a good idea for each person  
 using a computer to have their own account  
 rather than sharing an account between multiple users.  
 Individual accounts allow each user to keep their files  
 and work secured and organized  
 and let users personalize their experience on the computer.  
 For example, one user could set the computer  
 to display text in English  
 while another user could set it to display in Spanish  
 and because accounts are secured by passwords,  
 neither user can see the other's documents or other files.  
 To log into the computer, select your username,  
 or sometimes you'll enter it manually  
 and then type in your password.  
 In Windows 10 when you set up your account,  
 you also have the option of setting up  
 a personal identification number or pin  
 which you can enter instead of your password.  
 So you'll either enter a password or a pin  
 in this case, I'm entering a password  
 and I'll press Enter on my keyboard  
 and that's going to log me into the computer.  
 Once you're logged in, the first thing you see  
 is your computer desktop.  
 Similar to a real physical desktop,  
 your computer desktop is where you store files  
 you're currently working with.  
 In most operating systems, you can personalize  
 the look of your desktop by changing the background image,  
 sometimes called the wallpaper or by changing the colors.  
 At the bottom of the Windows 10 desktop is the task bar,  
 which is an essential tool for working  
 with the Windows operating system.  
 Depending on how you have it set up,  
 in the task bar you can see what apps are currently running,  
 what the current time is,  
 what appointments are on your calendar and so on.  
 On the far left of the task bar,  
 you'll find the Start button.  
 Clicking it opens up the Start menu  
 and this is where you can find  
 all the applications installed in your device.  
 This is also where you'll find the buttons to log off,  
 restart and shut down the computer.  
 For now, let's click outside the Start menu  
 to close it without selecting anything.  
 Next to the Start button is the search box  
 where you can search for applications by name  
 or search for files and documents on your device.  
 Using the search box can be a lot quicker  
 than manually looking for applications in the Start menu.  
 Just start typing the name of the application  
 or document you want to work with  
 and Windows will display the search results as you type.  
 For example, if I wanted to quickly open the calculator app,  
 I could just start typing calculator,  
 there it is, and I can just press Enter on my keyboard  
 to open that up.  
 Next to the search box, you'll see icons for applications  
 that are currently running or pinned to the task bar.  
 Pinned applications are apps that you can place  
 in the task bar to quickly access again  
 so you don't have to dig through the Start menu  
 to find them each time you want to open them.  
 Applications that are currently running  
 have a line underneath them  
 so you can easily tell if they're in use  
 as you can see here under the calculator icon.  
 To pin an application to the task bar,  
 place your mouse cursor over it  
 and then click the right mouse button on your mouse  
 or pointing device, this is referred to as right click,  
 which often brings up a menu containing several options.  
 In this case, I'll choose to pin the calculator app  
 to the task bar since I use it a lot.  
 So now even if I close the calculator app  
 by clicking the X button here in the upper right corner,  
 notice this icon stays in the task bar.  
 We no longer see the blue line under it  
 because it's not running, but I can easily click  
 to open the calculator app from here now.  
 Also here within the pinned and running apps  
 is File Explorer.  
 Clicking that opens up a window you can use  
 to browse the files on your computer  
 and I'll just close that.  
 The last section of the task bar is here on the right.  
 Here you usually see the date and time  
 along with various other icons  
 depending on how the computer's task bar  
 has been customized.  
 Clicking on icons can give you more information  
 about the computer.  
 For example, clicking on the clock, displays the calendar,  
 clicking on the network icon  
 shows you the status of your network connection.  
 Clicking this arrow here reveals other icons  
 that may be hidden so the task bar isn't cluttered  
 with too many icons at once.  
 So for example, from here, I can click the speaker icon  
 and that allows me to adjust the volume  
 of the computer speakers.  
 So that's the task bar in Windows.  
 Now, when you're done using your computer,  
 it's usually a good idea to log out of your account  
 or to shut down the computer  
 if you don't need to leave it running.  
 To do so, click the Start button.  
 If you just want to log out, but leave the computer running,  
 for example, if someone else needs to log into their account  
 to use the computer, just click the user icon  
 at the top here, and then choose a Sign Out.  
 That will log you out of your account,  
 but leave the computer running  
 so someone else can sign into their account.  
 Ultimately, you can click the power button here  
 and from here, you can shut down or restart the computer.  
 Choose to Shut Down if you want to shut down the computer  
 so it's not using any power.  
 And restart shuts down the computer  
 and immediately starts it again.  
 Sometimes restarting can fix issues  
 that may crop up while using the computer.  
 Again, we've been looking at the  
 Windows 10 operating system in this video,  
 but many of these concepts like searching for applications,  
 accessing settings and logging out and restarting  
 apply to other operating systems as well.  
 

