 - [Instructor] Every software application  
 has a learning curve.  
 Some applications are easier to use and understand  
 than others,  
 but what you're going to find  
 as you become more experienced with computers and software,  
 is that nearly all applications have features  
 or controls in common with each other.  
 If you're a novice with computers at the moment,  
 you've probably wondered how more experienced users  
 can just sit down and start being productive  
 with applications they've never used before.  
 What seasoned computer users know  
 is that most applications have basic things in common,  
 and they know where to look for the commands  
 that will allow them to perform the tasks  
 they want to accomplish.  
 For example, a common feature found in many apps  
 is the File menu,  
 and it usually contains commands  
 like New, Open, Save, Close, and Print.  
 New is for creating a new document, image,  
 or project, depending on what app you're in.  
 Open opens files or projects  
 that you've previously created or worked on.  
 Save saves the file you're currently working on.  
 And if the application is one that you can print from  
 like a word processor, a spreadsheet program,  
 or a photo editor,  
 you'll always find the print command  
 under the File menu as well.  
 Another common feature is a group of commands  
 found under the Edit menu.  
 This is where you'll almost always find the commands  
 for Cut, Copy, and Paste,  
 as well as the Undo and Redo options.  
 So for example, if you've typed some texts  
 that you would like to copy  
 to another location in your document,  
 you would select the text  
 by clicking and dragging across it.  
 Then come up to the Edit menu and choose Copy,  
 and then you could place your cursor  
 elsewhere in the document  
 or in a completely different document  
 and choose Edit, Paste.  
 And if you change your mind about pasting that text,  
 you would return to the Edit menu and choose Undo.  
 And again, these commands work the same way  
 in any apps that have them.  
 And you'll almost always find them under the Edit menu.  
 Bear in mind that this holds true  
 across operating systems, too.  
 So if you're a Mac user finding yourself  
 working with Windows or a Windows user having to use a Mac,  
 you won't be completely lost.  
 You'll most likely see differences  
 in how menus and commands have been laid out,  
 but many of the ideas are the same.  
 Even between applications on the same operating system  
 you'll see differences.  
 For example, if I switch over to Microsoft Excel,  
 instead of a plain menu bar,  
 we have a collection of tabs known as the ribbon.  
 Notice we have a File tab though, and if I click it,  
 I can still find New, Open, Save, Print, and so on.  
 It looks different than it does in Notepad,  
 but the commands are the same.  
 Note however, that we don't see an edit tab.  
 In this case, we have a Home tab,  
 and this is where we find buttons for Cut  
 and Copy and Paste.  
 And the buttons for Undo and Redo  
 are here at the top of the window.  
 So again, the layout is different,  
 but the behavior of the commands is the same.  
 You just may have to hunt around a bit for them.  
 Another feature that almost all apps have in common  
 are preference settings.  
 These are the settings that often let you customize  
 or change how the app behaves.  
 They may be called different things  
 depending on the app you're using.  
 Here in Excel if I go to the File tab,  
 down at the bottom I'll find Options.  
 Which takes me to this large collection of settings  
 that I can use to adjust how Excel looks and works.  
 In other apps,  
 for example, in the Microsoft Edge web browser,  
 we click this three dot menu,  
 which gives us access to some options,  
 but we can also select settings  
 to further customize how Edge operates.  
 In other apps you'll find a preferences selection  
 under the Edit menu.  
 So you sometimes have to do  
 some hunting around in Windows apps,  
 but those are generally where you'll find  
 application preferences.  
 Lastly, you'll find almost all applications  
 have a Help menu.  
 The Help menu is where you'll find things  
 like the built-in or online instruction manual  
 for the application you're using.  
 You might also find links to tutorials  
 or other special guides  
 to teach you how to use the application.  
 The Help menu is also where you can often check for updates,  
 which has the application check online  
 to see if any newer versions of the software  
 have been released.  
 Here in Edge we come up to the three dot menu again,  
 and this is where we can find Help and Feedback.  
 And if I choose Help,  
 that takes me to the Edge support website.  
 Back here in Excel, there's a Help tab,  
 and that gives you buttons for contacting support,  
 showing training documents,  
 or you can click the Help button  
 to see instructions for using Excel.  
 But generally the help menu is a good place to go  
 if you can't figure out  
 a feature of the application you're using,  
 or just want to learn more about the application overall.  
 And again, you'll find that most applications  
 have this menu.  
 So those are just some of the common features  
 you'll find in nearly all applications.  
 As you continue to work in various apps,  
 you'll notice many more.  
 And knowing about these features  
 can really help make an application you've never used before  
 a little less daunting,  
 because at least you'll already be familiar with  
 and know how to use a couple of the commands.  
 

