 - These days the term computer can refer  
 to many different types of devices.  
 We have desktop computers, laptop or notebook computers  
 and mobile devices like tablets and phones  
 are even considered computers.  
 At the most basic level, a computer is an electronic device  
 that you use to create, process, store, or retrieve  
 different types of data and information.  
 For example, you might create a word processing document  
 on a desktop computer or browse the internet  
 on a tablet device, or email photos from your mobile phone.  
 All computers consist of two main parts,  
 hardware and software.  
 Software refers to the programs that run on the computer.  
 Basically software programs are the parts of the computer  
 you can't physically touch,  
 like a word processing application, an email program  
 and even the computer's operating system is software.  
 Most computers come with built in software  
 and you can install a virtually unlimited number  
 of other software programs that you might want  
 or need to use on your computer.  
 Now, hardware refers to all the physical parts  
 that make up a computer.  
 For example, on a desktop computer,  
 you have the main unit that contains the central parts  
 like the CPU, the RAM or memory, and the hard drive.  
 With desktop computers, you also need an external monitor,  
 also called a display and devices for inputting information  
 like a keyboard and a mouse.  
 On computers like laptops, tablets, or mobile devices,  
 the display is built into the device  
 and they all generally have built in keyboards  
 or, as is the case with many tablets and mobile devices,  
 the keyboard appears on screen when needed.  
 Computer hardware can also refer to any number  
 of accessories you can connect to the computer  
 such as printers, scanners, speakers, and so on,  
 which give additional functionality to the computer.  
 So again, when we talk about computers  
 at the most basic level,  
 we're talking about an electronic machine comprised of  
 various pieces of hardware  
 on which you can operate various pieces of software.  
 

