 - [Illustrator] One of the most important concepts  
 to understand when working with computers  
 is the system for organizing, storing,  
 and locating your files and applications.  
 In this context, the term file, it refers to a single item,  
 such as a word processing document, a photo,  
 a video clip, a song and so on.  
 Applications are the programs that run on your computer,  
 which often use, interact with,  
 or create the files stored on your computer.  
 Another term you'll frequently hear is folder.  
 A folder is sometimes referred to as a directory,  
 but I think folder makes more sense  
 because it's easy to understand the concept of storing files  
 within folders.  
 Again, we're using the Windows 10 operating system  
 here for these examples,  
 but the concept recovering applied  
 to other operating systems as well.  
 Here in Windows 10, I'm going to click the file Explorer icon,  
 and that opens up a new window where we can navigate  
 and explore the contents of the computer.  
 But in this case, let's say I want to create a new folder  
 to store some of my business documents.  
 Now in each account, you already have some folders created,  
 which you can see over here in the left sidebar.  
 Let's click documents,  
 which is a good place to start my business documents.  
 You can see I already have a couple of files  
 and folders inside the documents folder,  
 but to stay organized,  
 I'm going to create a new folder  
 for my business-related documents.  
 There are a couple of ways to do this, but for this example,  
 I'll click the home tab, here at the top of the window  
 and then select new folder.  
 And there it is.  
 By default, it's called New folder,  
 but notice the name is highlighted.  
 Meaning if I start typing while the text is selected,  
 I can give it a more meaningful name.  
 I'll call this folder business  
 and I'll press enter.  
 So there's my new folder.  
 I can open it by double-clicking it.  
 And as you'd expect, it's currently empty  
 because we just created it.  
 Now, just like how there are several ways  
 to create a new folder,  
 there are several ways to add files to that folder.  
 For example, if I were working in Microsoft Excel  
 on a spreadsheet,  
 and choose to store it in this folder.  
 Alternately, I can click the home tab again,  
 click the new item menu,  
 and here I'll find options for several types of files  
 I can create.  
 So for example, I want to create a text document.  
 So I'll select that option,  
 and that instantly generates a new text document  
 inside this folder.  
 Just like when we created this folder,  
 the generic name of this new text document is highlighted,  
 so I can give it a better name.  
 Now, if you don't start typing  
 and you click outside that name,  
 you'll see that the highlight around the text is removed.  
 I can still rename this file though.  
 I just need to click it once to select it,  
 pause for a second and then click it again.  
 And you can see the name highlights again.  
 The reason for pausing between clicks  
 is that if you click twice too quickly,  
 that's considered a Double-Click  
 which opens the item instead of highlighting its name.  
 So let's say I want to use this document  
 to keep some ideas for a book I'm working on.  
 I'll call this Book Ideas and I'll press return.  
 And now if I want to start working on this file,  
 I can double-click it,  
 which opens it in the default text editing application.  
 And I can start typing out some of my ideas  
 when I close this file,  
 I'm prompted to save it so I don't lose my changes.  
 I'll click save.  
 And now I've created, edited and saved a text document.  
 But now that I think about it,  
 this doesn't really belong in this business folder.  
 Instead, I want to store this in a folder for my book ideas.  
 So I'll click the back button to go back  
 to the main document folder,  
 and here I'll create a new folder for my book ideas.  
 Another way to create a new folder  
 is to right-click within the folder  
 and then choose new folder.  
 There it is and I'll call this books.  
 Now, I need to move that book ideas document  
 I created in the business folder into the books folder.  
 Again, there are multiple ways to do this.  
 For this example, let's go back into the business folder  
 where that file currently is,  
 and now select it by clicking it once,  
 and I'll go to the home tab  
 and here I'll choose move to.  
 This gives me a list of folders on my computer  
 that I may want to move this file to,  
 but I don't see that new books folder I just created.  
 So I'll browse for that folder by selecting choose location.  
 This lets me navigate my entire computer  
 to locate the folder I need.  
 I'll start by opening up my user folder.  
 Here I'll find documents and within documents,  
 here's that new book's folder I created.  
 I'll select that and I'll choose move.  
 And just like that,  
 the file disappears out of the business folder.  
 And if I go back to the main documents folder  
 and look in books, there's the text file.  
 Now, another way to move files  
 is to simply drag them where you want them to be.  
 For example, if I want this file stored  
 in my main documents folder,  
 I can simply click and hold down on my mouse button  
 and then drag it to the document folder listing here  
 on the sidebar.  
 It says move to documents I'll release my mouse button,  
 and if I go back to the documents folder,  
 which I can do by clicking on documents up here this time,  
 you'll see book ideas is now sitting here  
 in the main folder.  
 But of course it really does make more sense  
 to leave it in the new book's folder here.  
 So I'll drag it back in like so.  
 Now, if you no longer need a file,  
 you can always just delete it.  
 If I want to get rid of this Book Ideas file,  
 I can just select it,  
 and then under the home tab I can choose delete,  
 and it's gone.  
 Deleting files sends them to the recycle bin  
 on your desktop, which I can double-click to open.  
 And there it is.  
 So you don't have to worry about accidentally  
 deleting files.  
 If you made a mistake or you went to undelete a file,  
 you can just find it in the recycle bin.  
 As long as you haven't emptied the recycle bin,  
 which does permanently delete your files  
 and then just drag the file to place it back  
 into its folder or anywhere else you want to store it.  
 So if I move this window slightly out of the way,  
 I can grab book ideas  
 and drag it back into the books folder.  
 So that's how to create new folders and files  
 and how to move, delete,  
 and recover those files.  
 

