 - [Instructor] In addition to the applications you use  
 on your desktop or laptop computer,  
 you'll probably also spend a lot of time  
 working with apps on your mobile phone or tablet.  
 Apps behave similarly on mobile devices  
 compared to desktop apps,  
 but you'll often find more limitations to mobile apps  
 in terms of power, functionality and ease of use.  
 Now, this isn't to say that you can't get work done,  
 play games and perform other tasks on your mobile phone.  
 You definitely can.  
 And apps for mobile devices  
 are usually designed specifically  
 for optimizing the experience of using a smaller screen  
 and a virtual keyboard.  
 Mobile apps are generally good for brief periods of work,  
 especially on phones.  
 Tablets with their larger screens  
 are more suitable for extended periods of work.  
 But with the prevalence of wifi  
 and cellular connections on mobile devices these days,  
 it's easy to not just to work and play on a mobile device,  
 but also to continue your work on a desktop computer later.  
 For example, let's say I'm working on a document here  
 in Microsoft Word on my phone during my morning commute.  
 It's a little difficult to see, but I can zoom in.  
 And when I need to make edits,  
 I can just tap on the screen and a keyboard will appear.  
 Now, I have this document saved over the internet  
 to my OneDrive account, which is a cloud-based service  
 I can store my documents on.  
 Then, later, when I arrive at my office,  
 I can open up the desktop version of Word  
 and here open the same document from OneDrive  
 and keep working on it.  
 But now, on a much larger screen  
 with a full range of editing tools  
 found in the desktop version of Word.  
 Or I might add a lunch meeting to my calendar  
 here in Microsoft Outlook on my computer.  
 But later, on my commute home,  
 I realize I need to change the appointment to another day.  
 I can open up the mobile version of Outlook on my phone,  
 see all of my appointments and make my changes.  
 You'll find that many work and productivity apps  
 now have this ability to sync over the internet  
 so you can work seamlessly between devices,  
 making your mobile devices  
 an extension of your desktop computer, in a sense.  
 But lots of mobile apps are also designed  
 as standalone apps on your phone or tablet,  
 apps that are designed for a quick check of the weather,  
 or for finding driving directions,  
 or to check on the status of a flight.  
 Probably one of the biggest differences  
 between mobile and desktop apps  
 is that while you can acquire desktop apps  
 through many different places,  
 like the Microsoft Store or an app developer's website,  
 or purchase physical copies of applications in a store,  
 although, that's becoming less and less common,  
 mobile apps, on the other hand,  
 are acquired only through dedicated stores  
 like the Google Play Store  
 for apps that run on Android mobile devices,  
 and the Apple App Store  
 for apps that run on Apple's iOS mobile operating system.  
 These mobile app stores are your one-stop location  
 for every app you may want to install on your device.  
 You can browse through multiple categories,  
 or use the search feature to find specific apps.  
 When you select an app, you can read about its features,  
 check out reviews from people who have used the app.  
 And if you want the app,  
 you can download or purchase it to immediately install it.  
 Once apps are installed, you'll find their icons  
 among all the other apps you have on your device,  
 and you can tap them to start using them right away.  
 

