 - [Instructor] Modern desktop operating systems  
 have built-in features to help protect your computer  
 from being compromised by problems like viruses and hackers.  
 There's always more you can do  
 to ensure the security of your data,  
 but at the bare minimum,  
 you should check that the basic security features  
 of your computer are enabled.  
 For example, here in Windows 10,  
 we can go to our System Control Panel  
 by typing control panel in the Cortana search field,  
 selecting it here.  
 And from here we can select System and Security.  
 Here you'll find Windows Defender Firewall,  
 which is a built-in service  
 that helps protect your computer  
 from unauthorized access over your network  
 and over the Internet.  
 It can defend against malicious software and hackers  
 that may attempt to gain access to your computer.  
 Windows Defender should be enabled by default,  
 but it's a good idea to make sure.  
 Click its name  
 and then click Turn Windows Defender firewall on or off.  
 Make sure Turn on Windows Defender Firewall  
 is enabled under both the private  
 and public network settings areas.  
 And also make sure that both instances  
 have Notify me when Windows Defender Firewall  
 blocks a new app are checked.  
 This will have your system alert you  
 if any application tries to gain access to your computer,  
 so you can determine whether to allow it that access.  
 Now, Windows 10 also includes built-in antivirus features.  
 You can check and configure its settings  
 by going to the Start Menu, to Settings,  
 and then Update and Security.  
 Here, select Windows Security,  
 and click Virus and threat protection.  
 By default, Windows periodically scans for viruses.  
 But if you suspect your system  
 may have been compromised by a virus,  
 you can click on Scan Options  
 to choose the level of scan you want to perform.  
 And then click Scan Now to have Windows check for viruses.  
 Again, both Windows Defender  
 and Windows antivirus features are enabled by default,  
 but it's still a good idea to check your own computer  
 to make sure they're enabled and running.  
 

