 - The first step to working in Microsoft Word is  
 to open an existing document  
 or to create a brand-new document.  
 If you're creating a new document,  
 you can start from scratch with a completely blank document  
 or use one of the many available templates included  
 with Office to create documents  
 like resumes, flyers, reports, and more.  
 To create a new document, open up Word.  
 And from here, we can select Blank document  
 to instantly create a new empty Word document.  
 And you can start typing.  
 Or to create a new document based on a template,  
 from here, you can go to File, select New,  
 and below the Blank document option,  
 you'll find a large collection of templates to choose from.  
 You can scroll through to browse the templates  
 or scroll back up and type a search term  
 to look for online templates.  
 I'll search for newsletter.  
 That gives me several results.  
 Click any template to get a closer look  
 and to read a description.  
 And when you find a template you'd like to use,  
 click Create.  
 That generates a new document based on that template,  
 and you can start replacing the placeholder text  
 and images with your own.  
 Once you add text and other content to your document,  
 you should save the document,  
 so you don't lose your changes.  
 One way to do this is to click File  
 and Save As.  
 Then choose a location to save the file.  
 If you have a OneDrive account set up,  
 you can save to your OneDrive folder  
 to save your document to the cloud,  
 so you'll be able to access it  
 from anywhere on any device running Word.  
 Or you can choose to save it locally  
 to the computer you're currently using by choosing Browse.  
 Navigate to the location on your computer  
 where you want to save your file.  
 I'll choose my Documents folder.  
 Then name your file.  
 I'll call this AugustNewsletter, and I'll click Save.  
 And now this is saved to my Documents folder.  
 I can check that by going to the Start menu  
 and selecting Documents from here  
 to jump to my Documents folder,  
 and there's my newsletter.  
 And now I can close this  
 and continue working on my newsletter here in Word.  
 As you work, it's a good idea to periodically save your file  
 to make sure you don't lose your changes.  
 Once you've saved your file the first time,  
 you can quickly save it again by clicking the Save button  
 at the top of the Word window.  
 So that's how to create a new document,  
 start editing it, and how to save it.  
 

