 - As you know, computers come in many different forms  
 from desktop computers to laptops,  
 to tablets and mobile phones.  
 These are sometimes referred to as personal computers  
 to distinguish them from other types of computers,  
 like calculators, smart TVs, or gaming consoles,  
 which are all technically computers too.  
 Let's take a moment here to look at the different  
 characteristics of the most common types of personal  
 computers and the types of uses that are best suited for,  
 a desktop computer is a computer that's designed to stay  
 in one place, like your office work area  
 or some other semi-permanent location  
 in your home or office.  
 Desktop computers are typically comprised of separate pieces  
 for the base unit, the monitor, the keyboard,  
 mouse and speakers.  
 These separate pieces, as well as the fact  
 that desktop computers have to be plugged  
 into an electrical outlet,  
 make them impractical for moving them  
 from location to location.  
 Laptop computers, on the other hand are computers  
 that are designed to be portable and all the necessary parts  
 to use the computer from the monitor, to the speakers,  
 to the keyboard and track pad mouse  
 are all contained in one device.  
 Laptops are also battery powered,  
 so you don't have to keep them plugged into an  
 outlet to use them.  
 Making them ideal for using in different areas  
 of your home or on the road.  
 Now, tablet computers are another type of portable computer,  
 usually even smaller and lighter than laptops.  
 Instead of having a physical keyboard and track pad,  
 tablets are touch sensitive,  
 meaning you tap and interact directly with the items  
 on the screen with your fingers,  
 or sometimes with a special pen called a stylus.  
 And when you need to input text,  
 a screen-based keyboard will appear.  
 Like desktop and laptop computers,  
 you can install software applications on tablets for work,  
 but they're lightweight and size also makes  
 them ideal for entertainment like for reading  
 electronic books or watching movies.  
 And lastly, smartphones are another type  
 of common personal computing device.  
 That's small enough to be held in one hand.  
 Like the other devices we've looked at,  
 you can install software on smartphones  
 to accomplish all sorts of tasks.  
 Although their size generally doesn't make them ideal  
 for complicated work.  
 Now, smartphones connect to mobile networks  
 to let you make phone calls,  
 but this connection also gives you access to the internet,  
 making it possible to communicate with others,  
 access your email, share files,  
 and perform a variety of other online tasks that other  
 personal computers typically require a wifi internet  
 connection to accomplish.  
 So depending on your needs,  
 you may find yourself using one or a combination of these  
 types of personal computing devices to get things done.  
 

