 - The first step to working with spreadsheets  
 in Microsoft Excel is to open an existing workbook  
 or to create a brand new one.  
 You can start from scratch with a completely blank workbook  
 or use one of the many available templates  
 included with Office to create workbooks  
 for making calendars, managing budgets, generating invoices,  
 and lots more.  
 To create a new workbook, open Excel.  
 And with the Home tab selected,  
 you can click Blank workbook  
 to instantly create a new empty spreadsheet  
 and start entering content into the cells right away.  
 Or to create a new workbook based on a template,  
 from here, go to File,  
 and then select New.  
 And below the blank workbook option,  
 you'll find a large collection of templates to choose from,  
 and you can scroll to browse through the templates.  
 Or you can scroll back up and type a search term  
 to look for online templates.  
 I'll search for budget.  
 And you can see these are all budget related templates now.  
 Click any template to get a closer look  
 and to read a description.  
 And when you find a template you'd like to use,  
 click Create.  
 Let's zoom out a little here so we can see the whole thing.  
 Now, the advantage of using a template like this  
 is that it already includes formulas  
 to perform these calculations.  
 You'll be able to see the numbers  
 and this Percentage bar updating as I make changes.  
 Once you started making changes  
 or adding content to your workbook,  
 you should save it so you don't lose those changes.  
 One way to do this is to click File and then Save as.  
 Then choose a location to save the file.  
 If you have a OneDrive account set up,  
 you can save to your OneDrive folder  
 to save your document to the cloud  
 so you'll be able to access it from anywhere  
 on any device running Excel.  
 Or you can choose to save it locally  
 to the computer you're currently using by choosing Browse.  
 Navigate to the location on your computer  
 where you want to save your file.  
 My Documents folder is currently selected,  
 which is where I'll leave it.  
 Then name your file.  
 I'll keep the current name of Monthly Food Budget  
 and I'll click Save.  
 So it's now saved to my Documents folder,  
 and I can see that if I go to the Start menu  
 and select Documents to open up that folder  
 and there it is.  
 So now I can continue working on my spreadsheet  
 here in Excel.  
 As you work, it's a good idea to periodically save your file  
 to make sure you don't lose your changes.  
 Once you've saved your file the first time,  
 you can quickly save it again by clicking the Save button  
 at the top of the Excel window.  
 So that's how to create and save a new workbook in Excel.  
 

