 - Many of today's computers, especially portable devices,  
 like laptops and tablet computers,  
 include a technology called Bluetooth.  
 Bluetooth is a short range wireless technology,  
 mostly used to reduce the use of cables.  
 You're probably familiar with this technology  
 in the form of Bluetooth headsets  
 that many people use to talk on their mobile phones.  
 But Bluetooth is also used for many other types of devices,  
 like replacing a wired keyboard or mouse  
 to eliminate the clutter of cables  
 normally needed to connect those devices to your computer.  
 Now, because we are dealing with a wireless technology,  
 the important thing is to make sure  
 that your Bluetooth device such as a mouse and your computer  
 recognize each other  
 and that someone nearby can't take control of your computer  
 with their Bluetooth mouse.  
 You accomplish this  
 by performing a task called pairing your devices.  
 So let's take a look at how we do this.  
 For this example, I'm going to set up a Bluetooth mouse.  
 The first thing you need to do  
 is to set your Bluetooth device into pairing mode  
 also called discoverable mode.  
 You'll have to check the instructions  
 for whatever device you're trying to pair with your computer  
 to see how to put it into this mode.  
 I'll go ahead and do that to my mouse right now.  
 Now, you may immediately see a notification  
 letting you know that your device was detected,  
 and you'll be able to connect to it right from there.  
 If you don't see that notification or you miss clicking it,  
 you can go into settings to connect your device.  
 Here in Windows 10,  
 I'm going to go to the Start menu, to Settings, Devices,  
 and I'll make sure that Bluetooth  
 and other devices is selected.  
 I'll make sure that the Bluetooth switch is on,  
 and I'll click Add Bluetooth or other device.  
 I'll say that I want to connect a Bluetooth device.  
 And after a moment, my mouse's name appears in this window.  
 I can select it,  
 and Windows will just take a moment to install the device.  
 Now, depending on your device,  
 you might be prompted to type in a passcode  
 in order to complete the pairing process.  
 This is an extra security measure some devices use  
 to make sure the person controlling the computer  
 is the one who wants to pair with the device.  
 If your device requires a passcode,  
 you'll find the code in your instruction manual.  
 But as you just saw,  
 that wasn't required for this mouse,  
 and after a few seconds,  
 I got this message saying my device is ready to go.  
 I'll click Done.  
 I see my device listed here,  
 and I can begin using my mouse right away.  
 Now, you only need to set up your Bluetooth device once.  
 After that, anytime your Bluetooth mouse, keyboard,  
 or any other paired device  
 is switched on near your computer,  
 they should automatically connect.  
 Now, if you ever want to unpair your mouse from your PC,  
 just come back into Bluetooth settings, select the device,  
 click Remove Device and confirm that you want to do that.  
 You can see it's been removed  
 and now this mouse will no longer work with my computer  
 until I pair them again.  
 And that's it.  
 This pairing process is pretty much the same  
 regardless of the type of device you're using.  
 Just put your device into pairing or discoverable mode,  
 open up Bluetooth settings, select your device,  
 and let windows do the rest.  
 

