 - [Instructor] A wireless network is a network  
 to which properly equipped computers  
 can connect via radio signal instead of physical cables.  
 Wireless networks are commonly called Wi-Fi networks  
 and allow computers and mobile devices to connect  
 to the internet without the need for a cable.  
 Like a regular wired network,  
 a Wi-Fi network does not necessarily have  
 to offer internet access,  
 although internet access is probably the most common reason  
 people set up Wi-Fi networks.  
 To connect to a nearby wireless network,  
 you should see this network icon here in your taskbar.  
 If you don't see it, right-click on the taskbar  
 and choose Taskbar settings,  
 then click Turn system icons on or off.  
 And here, make sure the Network switch is turned on.  
 So with Wi-Fi enabled on your computer  
 when you click the Network icon,  
 you'll see a list of all the nearby Wi-Fi networks  
 your computer has detected.  
 The Wi-Fi icon next to each one  
 also shows you how strong the signal is.  
 Click a network to reveal the Connect button.  
 You can check Connect automatically  
 if you want your PC to automatically connect  
 to this network in the future without first asking you.  
 This is a convenient time saver,  
 especially for networks you use all the time  
 like your home or office network.  
 Then click Connect to join the network.  
 If the network you're trying to join is secured,  
 as most of them are these days,  
 you'll be prompted to type in the password.  
 And I'll click Next.  
 And now I'm connected.  
 Notice that my network icon in my taskbar  
 has turned into a Wi-Fi icon.  
 So at this point I'm connected to that Wi-Fi network,  
 and I'm free to connect to other computers on the network  
 or to surf the web.  
 Now, if you followed these steps and were unable to connect,  
 or it looks like you're connected  
 but you can't get online,  
 first make sure you're close enough to the Wi-Fi signal.  
 Ideally you want to have as close to three full bars  
 in the signal strength indicator as possible.  
 If you're connecting to a public Wi-Fi network,  
 you might have to pay to use the service.  
 In most cases, you just need to open your web browser  
 and try to open a webpage.  
 You'll then be redirected to a page where you'll be asked  
 to submit your credit card information,  
 or your room number in some hotels, before you can proceed.  
 When you come across Wi-Fi networks like that,  
 just follow the onscreen instructions.  
 But for the most part,  
 connecting to a wireless network from your PC  
 is a simple matter of selecting the network  
 from the list of available networks  
 and then clicking Connect.  
 

