 - When we use the term computer,  
 we're usually referring to a collection  
 of various hardware components  
 that make up the computer as a whole.  
 Even though there are many types  
 of computers available today,  
 they're all comprised of a similar set  
 of primary hardware parts, like the base unit,  
 the monitor, the keyboard, the mouse, and speakers.  
 What we refer to as the base unit  
 contains all the hardware components that are necessary  
 for the computer to function.  
 For example, this is where you'll find the hard drive,  
 which is your computer's storage device.  
 Kind of like the filing cabinet  
 where everything on your computer is stored,  
 from programs, to documents, to videos.  
 Basically anything that's stored on your computer  
 is stored on the hard drive.  
 You'll also find the RAM or memory in the base unit.  
 Think of your computer's RAM as the desk in your office.  
 In order to work with the files from my filing cabinet,  
 I need to have space on my desk  
 to pile and organize my files.  
 The smaller the desk, the fewer the files  
 and other items I can work with at a time.  
 Similarly, the less RAM you have,  
 the fewer documents and applications  
 it can have running at once on your computer.  
 That's why RAM is one of the most common upgrades  
 people have done to their computers.  
 Also found the base unit is the CPU,  
 or central processing unit.  
 The CPU is the computer's brain.  
 And it's the item that carries out all the functions  
 of the computer, from processing instructions  
 from the programs you're running  
 to keeping the operating system working.  
 The base unit is also where you'll find the various ports  
 that allow you to connect additional hardware  
 to your computer, like printers,  
 external hard drives, and so on.  
 For some computers, the base unit is a separate component.  
 While on devices like laptop or tablet computers,  
 all the items I mentioned, like the hard drive,  
 the memory, and so on are built into the computer.  
 Similarly on laptops and tablets,  
 the monitor is built into the computer,  
 while with other computers, the monitor is a separate device  
 that you connect to the base unit.  
 The monitor, sometimes referred to as the display,  
 is what allows you to see what's being displayed  
 by the computer, whatever that may be,  
 from text documents, to videos, to photos.  
 But to actually interact with and use a computer,  
 you need a keyboard and a mouse.  
 The keyboard lets you input text, numbers,  
 and other characters into the applications you're using.  
 And the mouse is a pointing device  
 that allows you to operate the computer  
 by pointing at and interacting with  
 the elements that are on the screen.  
 Again, on some computers,  
 the keyboard and the mouse are separate devices  
 that you need to connect to the base unit's ports  
 in order to use them.  
 On laptops, the keyboard is built in.  
 And most laptops generally use a pointing device  
 called a track pad  
 for moving the mouse cursor on the screen.  
 On tablet devices, you generally don't use a mouse,  
 but instead tap or slide your finger on the screen  
 to interact with the device.  
 And the keyboard is often virtual.  
 Meaning it appears on screen  
 when you need to input text or other characters.  
 Other important hardware components  
 that make up computers these days  
 include speakers, which allow you to hear audio  
 from the apps you're using.  
 This could be music,  
 or the soundtrack from a video you're watching,  
 or what people are saying in a video conference.  
 Without speakers, you won't be able to hear  
 the sounds your computer is making.  
 And similarly, you'll need a microphone  
 if you want to be able to be heard through your computer,  
 whether it's in a video conferencing app  
 or other program where you may need to record your voice.  
 Again, laptops and tablets  
 usually have speakers and microphones built in,  
 while other computers require you  
 to connect external speakers and microphones.  
 Now of course, there's a lot more  
 that can make up a computer.  
 But the components we covered here,  
 the base unit, the monitor, the keyboard and mouse,  
 and speakers and microphone, are the most essential parts  
 needed to interact with and operate  
 most of the apps you'll commonly use on your computer.  
 

