 - [Instructor] An important part of collaboration  
 is gathering input from team members  
 about the work you're creating.  
 Team's channels make it easy to share your work.  
 In this lesson, I'll show you how to pass files  
 back and forth with your teammates  
 in your Microsoft Team's channels.  
 In this example, I'm working on a skills conference,  
 and I have a team and channels set up.  
 There are two ways to add a file to a team's channel.  
 You can share a file in the posts  
 or you can add a file to the File tab in the channel.  
 Let's dive in to see this in action.  
 For this example, I've already opened Teams  
 and created a team to collaborate on an upcoming conference.  
 I'll first show you how to share a file  
 in a post in a channel.  
 I want to share a list of the rooms we have for the conference  
 and the number of people that can fit in each room.  
 In the Logistics channel, I will create a post  
 and then select attach to attach my file to the post.  
 I will select attach from the menu in the conversation  
 and navigate to the file I want to attach.  
 Once I select the file, I'll choose Upload a copy.  
 The file is now attached to my message.  
 I can now select send  
 and post the file to the Logistics channel.  
 Once the file is posted, I can find the file  
 in the Files tab in the Logistics channel.  
 In addition to sharing files in a post in a channel,  
 I can also upload files directly to the Files tab.  
 Adding files directly to the Files tab  
 allows you to manage the files' structure  
 or where the files are placed.  
 I want to share a flyer in the Marketing channel,  
 so I'll start there and select the Files tab.  
 The flyer I'm uploading is a draft flyer  
 for presenters at the conference.  
 So I want to select the Presenter marketing folder to open it.  
 I already have this document,  
 so I'll choose Upload from the menu.  
 I'll select Files, and I'll select my DRAFT Speaker Flyer.  
 Open it.  
 My document is now in this folder.  
 Now that you can share files with your team  
 through posts and in the Files tab,  
 you'll be collaborating with your team in no time.  
 

