 - [Instructor] Communication is key  
 to the success of any team.  
 Using text-based messages to communicate is efficient,  
 fast and keeps everyone in the loop.  
 In this lesson, I'll show you how to post messages  
 in all your Team's channels  
 to keep your teammates connected.  
 For this example, I've already opened Teams  
 and created a team to collaborate on an upcoming conference  
 that we're all working on together.  
 I want to communicate to everyone on my Microsoft Team  
 by welcoming them and sharing how excited I am  
 to work on this event.  
 To do this, I select my announcements channel.  
 Starting from the post tab, I'll select new conversation  
 and I can begin my announcement.  
 I want to make sure I get my team's attention.  
 You can use mentions to send a notification  
 to an individual, a channel or a team.  
 I'll mention the entire team by entering @Skills conference  
 and selecting the team.  
 Now I can type in my message.  
 And now I can click send.  
 By mentioning the Skills conference team,  
 I've ensured that everybody in the Skills conference team  
 received a notification that I've posted this message.  
 In addition to sending a notification to an entire group,  
 I can also get the intention of an individual.  
 When posting in a channel, everyone can see  
 and respond to the post.  
 If there's a message that should be private,  
 sending a direct message or chat is best.  
 I want to ask Joni to share the draft planning document  
 with the team in the planning channel.  
 I'll navigate to the planning channel  
 and select the posts tab.  
 I'll start a new conversation  
 and I'll use the @ symbol and type in Joni's name  
 to mention her in my post.  
 Using mention ensures that Joni gets a notification  
 that I've posted.  
 Now that you know how to communicate with messages  
 in a channel and how to draw attention  
 to your messages using mentions,  
 practice these techniques  
 to streamline your communication with your team.  
 

