 - [Instructor] The best teams,  
 the groups that stand out above the rest,  
 work incredibly well together.  
 Each individual team member  
 understands the end goal, stays focused  
 and willingly and enthusiastically collaborates.  
 Microsoft's chat-based workspace Teams is the perfect place  
 to make that engagement and collaboration happen  
 in your workplace.  
 In this lesson, I'll show you why Teams is such a great tool  
 to make the most of your team.  
 Let's dive in.  
 In the top left corner of office.com,  
 select the app launcher and open Teams.  
 Before discussing specific features in Teams,  
 I want to explain the layout.  
 The Teams homepage has a menu to the left  
 and a search bar at the top.  
 Select Activity to see your feed.  
 This is where you'll find mentions, replies  
 and other notifications.  
 If you select filter and more options  
 you can search for a specific type of activity,  
 like mentions, replies or reactions.  
 Chat is one of the main ways you can quickly communicate  
 with people or groups.  
 Select Chat to see the different conversations you're having  
 with groups or individuals.  
 You can filter in Chat to show unread chats,  
 meetings, or muted chats.  
 Selecting Teams allows you to see all the Teams  
 you are a member or owner of.  
 Teams is the ultimate filter when it comes to workflow.  
 A Team can house your communication and files in one place  
 so you can compartmentalize your work  
 into specific projects or groups.  
 You can call an individual or jump on a conference call  
 with voice and or video.  
 If you select Calls, you can see your call history  
 and your contacts.  
 Select Contacts, and you can see a list  
 of all your contacts.  
 You can also add contacts here using the add contact button.  
 The search bar can save you valuable time  
 searching for content in Teams.  
 You can search for contacts, messages,  
 files and more all in one place.  
 With an integration with Outlook, you have access  
 to your calendar in the place you work.  
 As you're working and collaborating with teammates  
 you may want to know when you're free  
 for a follow-up chat or to work on a task.  
 Select Calendar to find your scheduled meetings.  
 And, finally, you've got access to OneDrive right here.  
 Need to quickly access a file you're collaborating on?  
 Selecting Files will allow you to access files  
 in Teams and OneDrive.  
 Now that you understand the value and the layout of Teams,  
 you're ready to get into action.  
 

