 - [Instructor] Like on a television,  
 radio, or even walkie-talkie,  
 different channels have their own unique purpose  
 and their own unique conversations.  
 In Teams, channels are used to help organize files,  
 communications, and people around different topics  
 to keep team members connected  
 to what they need to maximize their workflow.  
 In this lesson, I'll show you how to add  
 and remove channels for your team  
 so that you can make sure the right people are connecting  
 and collaborating in the right places.  
 I'll start in the team I've created  
 for an upcoming skills conference.  
 I've already created a team, added members,  
 and given members appropriate access.  
 Now want to begin organizing the places  
 where we will collaborate and communicate.  
 Currently, the logistics channel is open  
 to everyone on the team and anyone that is a part  
 of the skills conference team will have access  
 to all files and chats.  
 I would prefer to make logistics private for only  
 the team members that are working on logistics directly.  
 But after a channel is created, you can't make it private.  
 Now I need to delete this channel  
 to recreate it as a private channel.  
 I'll delete it  
 by selecting the More Options button beside the name  
 of the channel, and selecting Delete This Channel.  
 It's important to remember that when you delete a channel,  
 you delete everything in the channel.  
 So make sure when you're ready to delete,  
 you're ready to delete everything.  
 To recreate this same channel  
 as a private channel,  
 I'll go back to the team's name and select More Options.  
 Then select Add Channel.  
 It prompts me to enter a name.  
 I will name this channel Logistics Internal.  
 Now I can adjust this channel's privacy.  
 I only want to share this with selected team members,  
 so I'll choose Private, and then select Create.  
 Now that I've created a private channel,  
 I'm able to add only those select members that need access.  
 I'll add one of my teammates  
 to this channel by typing in their name,  
 selecting Add, and making sure  
 the team member has the appropriate access.  
 I click Done,  
 and my team member has been added to my channel.  
 Now, when there's new activity happening,  
 like a new message,  
 only myself and other invited teammates will see it.  
 So, that's it.  
 You're now in control of access  
 to information in your teams.  
 Try adding channels to your team and test out  
 which end up getting used a lot  
 and which channels end up silent.  
 

