 - Keeping track of all the communications,  
 documents and events for one project can be daunting.  
 Luckily, creating a SharePoint team site  
 can help you keep track of all those items in one place.  
 In this lesson,  
 I'll show you how to create your own SharePoint team site,  
 so you can collaborate and keep organized.  
 I'm working with a team of people  
 to organize the Skills conference together.  
 We're going to use SharePoint  
 as a place to organize our work,  
 so I need to create a team site for us.  
 From my SharePoint start page,  
 which is like my own little SharePoint dashboard,  
 I'll select Create site.  
 This opens a window  
 where I can choose the type of site I'd like to create.  
 I can choose either a Team site or a Communication site.  
 A Team site can be used to collaborate with a team,  
 whereas a Communication site can be used  
 to share content that keeps other people informed.  
 I'll choose the Team site to help me collaborate  
 with the presenters for the Skills conference.  
 Creating a team site, connects your teammates in a group  
 and provides everyone with a shared notebook,  
 email address, and team calendar.  
 I'll name my team, "Skills conference presenters."  
 When you enter a name for your site,  
 SharePoint tells you whether the site name is available.  
 Make sure you choose an available name before you continue.  
 I'll add a site description later,  
 but for now, I want to choose the privacy options.  
 So I'll select Next.  
 When I select Next, it opens the option for me  
 to add site owners and members.  
 I can add members from my organization  
 by typing in their names.  
 I'm only sharing this site with a few people,  
 so we can work together and add content.  
 Then I'll be ready to share it  
 with the rest of my colleagues.  
 I'll add Joni, Isaiah and Lynne.  
 Initially, everyone is added as a member,  
 but I can make a member an owner of the team site  
 by selecting the dropdown box next to their roles  
 and selecting Owner.  
 Site owners have full administrative control  
 over the site and its content,  
 whereas site members can only edit  
 and view content within the site.  
 I'll add Isaiah as an owner to my site,  
 just in case I'm ill or on vacation.  
 I want to make sure someone else has full control  
 over the site with me.  
 Once I've decided who will be owners,  
 I'll select Finish to add users and publish the site.  
 At this point, I can start designing my site,  
 but I'll do that later.  
 I'm now at the homepage of my newly created team site.  
 On our homepage,  
 we have several options in our navigation pane.  
 Since I'm using the site to share files and resources  
 for the Skills conference,  
 I'm going to focus on the documents  
 and pages portion of my site.  
 In the Document section,  
 I can upload documents and add new folders or new files.  
 In Pages, I can see all the pages on my SharePoint site.  
 Right now, I only have the homepage.  
 If I want to share a piece of important information  
 with my team, I can go to Home, select Add new,  
 and then select News post.  
 This takes me to templates,  
 where I'll select the blank template.  
 Then I'll select Create post.  
 I'm going to use this post to count down the weeks  
 until the Skills conference.  
 So I'm going to name the post to reflect that.  
 I'm going to remind everyone that we have four months  
 until the Skills conference,  
 and ask that they submit their proposals  
 for conference sessions this week.  
 Then I'll select Post news.  
 Now, when I return to the homepage of my SharePoint site,  
 I can see my news post.  
 Eventually, I'll share the site with my whole team  
 and the countdown will help everyone get excited  
 for the upcoming conference.  
 Now that you know how to create a team site,  
 you're one step closer to collaborating in SharePoint.  
 

