 - [Instructor] When your whole team is using SharePoint  
 the level of engagement is incredible,  
 to further increase your team's engagement  
 it's important that you know how to use some  
 of the more advanced features of SharePoint.  
 And this listen, I'm going to show you how to use sections  
 and web parts to add more features  
 within your SharePoint site.  
 To get started, I'll open SharePoint.  
 I've already created a communication site  
 and named it skills conference page  
 for an upcoming conference.  
 Now I want to change the layout  
 and look of the site and add some content.  
 I want to start by changing the layout on this page.  
 The layout of a SharePoint page is made up  
 of different sections.  
 Sections are distinct areas on the page  
 and each component in a section is called a web part.  
 Before I can make any changes, I need to go  
 to the top right corner and select edit,  
 on the left bar I can edit my sections.  
 I simply click the plus and options open up,  
 I can add, edit, move, duplicate,  
 or delete a section from here.  
 I want to remove one of my sections,  
 so I'll scroll down to the section  
 I'd like to remove, select it,  
 and in the options on the far left, select delete.  
 I can see the section has been deleted.  
 Now I want to edit the web part  
 in the section at the top of this page,  
 this web part is a hero which allows you to display  
 up to five items using text, images, and links.  
 To edit this web part  
 I'll select it and select edit web part,  
 I can display my hero web part as tiles or layers.  
 Selecting tiles displays my hero with images and links,  
 selecting layers displays my hero with images,  
 text, and links.  
 I want to display text and images,  
 so I'll keep layers selected from my layout options.  
 One of the features that makes SharePoint so useful  
 is you can easily edit when you need to add more content.  
 Currently, my site has three layers.  
 A layer contains an image, text, and a link.  
 I only have a small amount of content that I want to share,  
 so I only need one layer.  
 So under layout, I will choose the one layer layout.  
 Now that I've got the right layout,  
 I can start to edit the image,  
 text, and link for my web part.  
 To edit the individual components of a web part,  
 I need to go to edit web part details.  
 I need to select the web part  
 and find the edit details button,  
 once selected an edit menu pops up with the edit options,  
 right now I don't need to link anything,  
 so I want to remove the link.  
 I just need to go down to the options menu and expand it,  
 for this web part the link is actually  
 a part of a call to action,  
 so to remove the link  
 I'll just select no for show call to action link.  
 When I'm ready to add a link I can move show call to action  
 to yes, and add my link and call to action  
 text when I'm ready.  
 I want to change the text for this web part,  
 so I'll edit the title and description  
 to be specific to the skills conference.  
 I see that my new title and description have been added,  
 now I want to change the image that's displayed  
 on this web part.  
 I'll expand the background image section and select change.  
 I don't have images of my own to use,  
 so I'll select stock images.  
 I'll search for conference  
 in the search bar and select a photo I like,  
 once I've selected the image, I'll see the image on my page.  
 Under the image in the background section  
 I will add alternative texts to make my site accessible  
 for those who can't see it,  
 the changes I've made look great.  
 I want to add one more thing to my page before I finish,  
 a countdown timer to get the team excited  
 about the upcoming skills conference.  
 I'll close this web part for now.  
 Before I add the countdown timer,  
 I want to clean up my page a bit.  
 I want to select showcase a variety of images  
 and remove that web part.  
 Now I want to add a new web part  
 and I'll add a countdown timer.  
 You can change the title and description directly  
 from this web part by selecting them,  
 I'll change the title to skills conference  
 and change the description to countdown to fun.  
 You can also change the date and time for your countdown  
 or even add a call to action link or a background image,  
 lots of options to customize  
 the look of this countdown timer.  
 Looks great to me, so I'll close my editing window.  
 I like this look, it's a great landing page  
 and I know I can come back  
 and easily add or edit more content.  
 I'll select republish to make sure that  
 when I share my site,  
 everyone else can see the updated version.  
 Now you can make engaging sites  
 using sections and web parts.  
 Give it a try.  
 

