 - [Instructor] SharePoint is the ultimate  
 file storage solution  
 to help you keep your digital resources organized  
 and accessible for you and your team.  
 In this lesson, I'm going to show you  
 how to create and manage file structures in SharePoint  
 so you can easily access and share files with your team.  
 I'll begin from my SharePoint start page.  
 I'm working on planning a conference with a team of people.  
 I want to create a place for my speakers  
 to submit their proposals.  
 I've created a team in Microsoft teams for this conference  
 and named it Skills conference.  
 When you create a team in Microsoft Teams,  
 a site is automatically created for your colleagues  
 and SharePoint to store your group's data.  
 I'll navigate to the skills conference team site now.  
 I'll select documents from the navigation pane  
 to access my document library for this site.  
 After selecting documents, I can see there are folders  
 for the different channels  
 within the Skills conference team I created.  
 I want to create a place for speakers to submit proposals.  
 So, I'll select the content folder  
 and make a sub-folder in there.  
 To create a sub-folder, I'll select add new,  
 then choose folder and I'll name it session proposals.  
 Then, select create.  
 To add a file to the folder,  
 I'll select the session proposal folder I just created.  
 Then I'll select add new and choose word document.  
 This takes me to Word where I can write up  
 my proposal for a session.  
 I want to propose leading a session  
 on creating a SharePoint site so I'll rename my document,  
 how to create a SharePoint site.  
 I'll add a brief description of my session  
 so others know what it's about.  
 Next, I'll make sure my document is saved.  
 When I return to my site,  
 I can see my file in the folder I created.  
 I can also upload files to SharePoint  
 like a finalized speaker flyer.  
 First, I need to navigate to documents.  
 I want to store this file in my Marketing and PR folder  
 so I'll select that folder.  
 Since this is a speaker flyer,  
 I'll put it in the presenter marketing.  
 Then, I'll select upload.  
 Since I'm uploading a file, I'll choose files.  
 Next, I'll select the file I want to upload.  
 This file is now in the document library  
 of my SharePoint site,  
 but I can also find this document in Teams.  
 If you select more actions for a file,  
 a menu opens and you can select several different actions  
 you can use in a document library.  
 You can explore these on your own  
 but I'm going to show you version history.  
 Selecting version history allows you to see  
 when a file was modified and who modified the file.  
 If you hover over the timestamp for your file  
 and select the dropdown button, you can view,  
 restore or delete a version of your file.  
 Now that you know how to create  
 and upload files in SharePoint,  
 you're ready to start collaborating with your team.  
 

